We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration.
Says private-sector job growth in 2011 places New Jersey in the top third among all of the states.
Says Scott Bruun supports cutting the Department of Commerce and eliminating NOAA.
Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the Trump Effect. They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslimsand immigrants.
We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil.
Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by "$500-billion."
Just remember this: the presidents health care bill put 30 million people on health care rolls that werent there before.
Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
Bicycle ownership drops by half while obesity in Rhode Island rises by 154 percent
David Dewhurst has never once cut one penny from the state budget.
There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years.
The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees.
Georgias illegal-immigration legislation simply follows existing federal law.
Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, "Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them."
Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession.
Im self-funding my own campaign.
Says with Gov. Chris Christie and bipartisan reformers New Jersey had the most job growth in 11 years.
Says Nancy Pelosi said, Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!
The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''	campaign-finance	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	an interview with CNBC's John Harwood  5802.json	true	The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasnt passed a budget in more than 1,000 days.	deficit,federal-budget,job-accomplishments	john-boehner	Speaker of the House of Representatives	Ohio	republican	13	22	11	4	2	a video address 6153.json	half-true	The median income in America has dropped by 10 percent in the last four years.	economy,income,jobs	mitt-romney	Former governor	Massachusetts	republican	34	32	58	33	19	a speech 6515.json	barely-true	Says U.S. Senate hopeful Tammy Baldwin voted for a $1 trillion stimulus bill that included a wasteful $800,000 to replace light bulbs.	energy,federal-budget,stimulus	crossroads-gps	Conservative advocacy group		republican	9	1	4	1	2	a television ad 385.json	true	Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.	iraq	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	a speech in Westerville, Ohio 10932.json	barely-true	Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam.	education,government-regulation,job-accomplishments,labor,unions	scott-walker	Milwaukee County Executive	Wisconsin	republican	26	41	32	40	11	a speech 5076.json	mostly-true	Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European.	economy	mitt-romney	Former governor	Massachusetts	republican	34	32	58	33	19	an editorial board meeting with an Iowa newspaper 12189.json	half-true	Says Rick Scott cut Medicaid so people cant get Obamacare.	health-care,medicaid	rick-scotts-starbucks-heckler	Activist, stay-at-home mom	Florida	activist	0	0	2	0	0	a confrontation with Rick Scott at Starbucks 945.json	half-true	The stimulus bill includes $8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."
Ive cut the budget of the (lieutenant governors) office by more than half.
Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, "youre looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."
Suicide comes from federal government largesse saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing.
Most of the Bush tax cuts went to people in the top 3 percent of this country.
If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldnt even begin to balance the budget.
After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.
In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market.
Says the state budget includes spending on commercials for Fortune 500 companies.
The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
Wisconsin is 38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards in student testing.
Says Sherwin-Williams is making lead paint and poisoning people around the world.
Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed watered-down HIV/AIDSdrugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals estimates 200 animals will be spared annually as the result of former President Bill Clinton adopting a vegan diet.
Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of her state Senate district by a half a block.
Hypocrisy at the Clinton Foundation: Top male staff made on average $218,029 while top female staff made $153,014 from 2010-2014.
I have fought for our shared values without being an ideologue or a partisan
1928 was last time Republicans had the White House, the House and the Senate.
Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent.
We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush.
Its been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes.
Illegal immigration is lower than its been in 40 years.
The changes to Georgias tax and fee structure is an overall tax cut.
Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits than private-sector workers.
Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget.
Says Ronda Storms voted to fund the Taj Mahal courthouse.
Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases.
92 percent of President Barack Obamas administration has never worked outside government.
The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English.
Says the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook Likes.
U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce political instability and violence by 40 percent in recipient nations.
Says U.S. Senate Democrats have gone without any budget at all for more than 1,000 days.
A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration.
$700 billion was robbed (from Medicare) to pay for Obamacare.
Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade.
A national organization says Georgia has one of Americas toughest ethics laws.
The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly) is the DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women.
What the District of Columbia was trying to do(with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns.
Who would sign up to speak for a (Haitian) dictator? Rob Portman.
Says Scott Walker wants to ban common forms of birth control, including the pill.
Small businesses create 70 percent of the jobs in America.
More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada.
This week liberal Bill White faced an ethics complaint about more than $83,000 he failed to report to the state Ethics Commission.
Says Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity.
The Super Bowl has one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country.
The number of killings of citizens by police is at a two-decade high.
I was totally against the war in Iraq.
Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon.
A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country.
The presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution.
Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years.
Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits.
David Beckhams soccer stadium would get a special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years.
New tax increases that went into effect on Jan.1, 2015, all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare.
In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms.
About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money.
American voters remain steadfast in their support for immigration reform with a path to citizenship, with more than 70 percent who want to see reform passed this year.
The last three days of early voting happen to be the most populated days of voting that we have in early voting.
Says Texas is 1st in business climate, 49th in education.
While (Barack) Obama preaches we are our brothers keeper, his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.
The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. Its Jose, Camilo and Maria.
53 percent of Americans cut back on their health care in the last year because of costs.
The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didnt have the constitutional power to take.
Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income.
Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights.
Texas AM University - Commerce offers counseling, safe spaces for students who are afraid of President-elect Trump.
Health reform will "give every American the same opportunity" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do.
Says Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals.
The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
We have billions in surplus.
On the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation.
The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools.
When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. Theres only one other four-year period where thats true. Thats true from 2008 to 2012.
On supporting winner of Democratic primary with her superdelegate vote.
President Obamas suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0.
When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets.
Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months.
Theres nothing in the voting instructions that weve been getting in the last several elections that lets you know about the limitations of the master lever.
Abortion services are well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does.
Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.
You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years...
On using embryonic stem cells for medical research.
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn has avoided taking a stand on Obamacare.
Since President Obama took office, over 88,000 Ohio workers have lost their jobs.
Every time weve increased the minimum wage, weve seen a growth in jobs.
Charlie Crist "bizarrely vetoed" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida "despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."
Biden was responsible for "ending genocide in Bosnia."
Says the national heath care reform is a government takeover of health care.
As many as a quarter of our students arent even finishing high school.
Theyre saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state.
Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen.
A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over our southern border.
While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.
The proposed Gogebic iron ore mine is just up the hill from the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore caves along Lake Superior.
A telecom bill could keep the State Corporation Commission from getting rate-of-return information from electric utilities.
On banning assault weapons.
I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born.
Says the United States has the worlds greatest health care system.
For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000.
Texas this fiscal year will have more money in reserve than the other 49 states combined.
The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner.
I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not.
DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget than any local government in the Atlanta metro region.
There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there arent enough qualified applicants to fill them.
When the United States "first created the federal income tax, frankly, nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything."
There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens.
Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker.
Brookhaven homeowners pay hundreds of dollars less in property taxes compared with owners of the same-value homes in unincorporated DeKalb County.
Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt felt there wasnt a need in the public sector to have collective bargaining because the government is the people.
John Cornyn backed his pal David Dewhurst for the U.S. Senate over Ted Cruz.
Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s.
I delivered a flat tax for my state. I took my state to No. 1 in job creation. With all due respect to what Rick Perry has said about Texas, we did a little bit better.
Bob Menendez just voted to increase the governments debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt.
Kelly Ayotte has voted to defund Planned Parenthood six times.
On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.
We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home.
My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program.
Clinton "refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."
Its warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.
Says America spends over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12.
Says Will Hurd said a border-long U.S.-Mexico wall absolutely makes sense.
More than two months ago President Barack Obama signed a bill for more than $1 billion in Zika funding, but the federal government has still only committed $7 million to help Florida.
Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare.
Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, "You can't do everything."
Russia and China are doing naval exercises together someplace.
A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry.
In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half.
Twice as much (federal) money is going back to Hawaii, Virginia and Alaska than is coming home to Oregon.
Says the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state to try to keep the deer population down.
In 2009, his first year as mayor, Julin Castro received a seven-figure referral fee that smells like a dirty financial gift from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor.
Says the states budget shortfall is not that much different than it was in 2003.
I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one.
In the past two years in Congress, Ive written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House.
Says Hillary Clinton promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didnt they come, but they lost so many jobs.
Due to over-incarceration in 1950, two out of three young black men were in the workforce. Today, its one out of three black men are in the workforce.
Despite what Donald Trump claims, there werent 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix to see Trump speak.
We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. Weve got work that needs to get done. Weve got people that want to go to work.
The proposed transportation bill could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history.
We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion.
Obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti-Semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher Jewish grocery in Paris.
Last year it was discovered that Rhode Islands public employees ranked 4th in average pay, while the private sector ranked 23rd.
Portland, Ore., has never gotten over 12 to 15 percent ridership of its public transit system in the past 12 years.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson wants to give a new $265,000 tax cut to millionaires like himself while raising taxes on the middle class.
No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle.
Charlie Crist raised taxes in 2009 and wont rule out raising taxes again.
In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation.
Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.
Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms.
We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!
If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.
ISIS is running through a border made porous by Barack Obamas policies.
Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
Under Gov. Rick Perrys leadership [Texas] has created more jobs over the last decade than the rest of the states combined.
The governor switched his position once again on offshore oil drilling.
I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter.
If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years.
Says there are homes for sale on and around (Oswego Lake) right now for under $150,000 that anyone is welcome to buy.
If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars.
There are mechanisms in place to shut down the Internet privately.
Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
Atmospheric conditions could push a footballs pressure down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch.
Says on contraception, his plan is cheaper and easier for you than Sen. Mark Udalls
Says Obamaexempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law.
Texas legislation would allow teachers to kill their students if they felt it was needed.
Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first.
I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere.
Says Cory Gardner championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado.
Says Donald Trump promised the mass deportation of Latino families.
Unemployment rate dropped in every state that elected a Republican gov. in 2010
Says under his leadership Wisconsin median household income is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama.
When I become the nominee, the Democratic nominee, I will be the only pro-choice candidate on the ballot.
A small majority of Americans dont think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans dont want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act.
Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life.
We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because hes a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money.
Says he got lobbied by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer.
Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump and, thats true nationally.
Says Ann Kirkpatrick walked out on constituents when questioned on the Affordable Care Act.
The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment.
Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNultys] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio.
... study after study has shown that the death penalty deters murders.
State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year.
Says some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit.
Says Hillary Clinton had an undercover nurse with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York.
Floridas proposed amendment for medical marijuana would allow people who alleged minor ailments such as muscle spasms, neck pain, back pain and even menstrual cramps (to qualify) for government-sanctioned pot-smoking.
Last election, the Koch brothers spent three times what the top 10 unions spent combined.
Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country.
The GOPs Pledge to America includes a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget.
The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America.
We have 395 inmates pushed into triple-bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor.
Congressman Jeff Denhamhas agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.
We are seeing dramatic rate cuts to Medicare that will affect seniors ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services.
Says the U.S. Attorneys Office said that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on regarding my fathers illegal campaign contributions. And thats why they closed this case.
Says President Obama was wrong about Muslims historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries.
U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!
Says President Barack Obamas homeland security budget had $16 million to fight climate change but didnt have a line item to fight violent extremism.
Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance.
Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vaticans position that abortion should be illegal.
Under Obamacare, premiums have doubled and tripled in Wisconsin.
Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
Ive even cut my own salary -- twice.
Mark Warners record is one of acting against the Keystone XL pipeline.
Says Texas General Land Office has earned the school children of Texas $451,932.89 on wind leases that haven't produced a watt of energy."
Honduras bans citizens from owning guns and has the highest homicide rate in the entire world. Switzerland, with a similar population, requires citizens to own guns and has the lowest homicide rate in the entire world.
Says Democrats cut $35 million from the state budget for Information Technology improvements.
Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as $1.2 billion to a solar company thats building a plant in Mexico.
Tyler Perrys plan to turn a majority of the former Fort McPherson into a film and television studio is expected to add over 8,000 new jobs to Atlanta.
Says New Jersey has gained 143,000 new private-sector jobs.
Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.
Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country.
A strong majority of Americans support the Keystone XL pipeline.
Says that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes.
On repeal of Wisconsins smoking ban
Murder went up when Romney was governor. "Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."
Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
On a cap-and-trade plan.
The National Rifle Association was founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the Ku Klux Klan.
Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya.
Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents.
In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down.
In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has "saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."
Says state Sen. Steve Ogden was the driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against gun freedoms.
Over 81 percent of the babies that are born at LBJ Hospital right here in Houston are born of women who are not here legally.
As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.
Says Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop the states health care reform plan.
Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds.
Casualties and deaths are at (their) lowest point since literally the beginning of the war.
President Barack Obama is ending Medicare as we know it.
Says Gov. Chris Christie has now come up with a new agenda for ethics reform in September 2011.
Weve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs in Milwaukee County. I did that.
In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage its $1,500 a year.
On the Keystone XL pipeline
Oil money from federal leases can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling.
The Republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget.
A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.
Between 2008 and 2014, criminal aliens accounted for 38 percentof all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York.
No other country has a constitutional right like the Second Amendment.
Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
Says Sen. Mark Pryor voted for special subsidies for lawmakers and staff in Congress so theyre protected from Obamacare.
After Patrick Murphys charges were dropped, Murphys father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation.
The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge.
The failed economic policies of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve are making gas prices higher while Americas economy is running on fumes.
This year, Newt Gingrich has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined.
For every time the state gets paid a dollar in taxes (on gambling), somebody loses $6.
Says he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater.
Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved.
Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas.
Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real.
74 percent of Republicans support the Affordable Care Act.
Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower.
The only years that anybodys ever seen of Donald Trumps tax returns showed he didnt pay any federal income tax.
Every month, we get the reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that say even more people have given up looking for work.
Texas House Speaker Joe Straus said, I do not care if Wallace Hall swings from a tree.
150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid.
Wisconsins economy has tanked under Gov. Scott Walker andso far in 2015 over 6,685 people have been laid off, already more than in all of 2014.
Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job.
A $10 million fire fee proposal in St. Petersburg was inspired by Gov. Rick Scott.
Eighty percent of the oil were discovering, were discovering in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
Says in Chicago, we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A.
There was serious voter fraud in Virginia.
Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been shattered by the latest and best social science and research.
A defense bill includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand.
Since I took office in January 2011, we have created 11,100 Rhode Island-based jobs.
Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law.
Canadian-born Ted Cruz has had a double passport.
1.53 million jobs are at risk (from potential defense cuts).
Says 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States.
Says Tommy Thompsons tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent.
The University of Texas is starting the first medical school at a major Tier One university in the last 50 years.
The Doherty Campaign, unlike the Cicilline Campaign, is funded mostly by individual donors -- not the big PACs that Cicilline relies on.
DUI arrests dropped significantly in Tampa once Uber began operating here.
[Mitt] Romney and [Brendan] Doherty certainly have a lot in common, like flip-flopping on abortion -- in Dohertys case, in a little over a week.
Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Bookers Newark graduate.
You cant put a gun rack in a [Chevrolet] Volt.
Says $1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS.
Says Mahatma Gandhi once said, First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
The unemployment rate for folks whove never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have.
Barack Obama "said in 2004 there was no difference between (Obama) and George Bush on the war."
On whether to run for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
George Allen had 40,000 earmarks while he was a senator.
We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest theyve been in 50 years.
Says Lee Leffingwell raised property taxes 20 percent in three years.
North Koreahas over two-dozennuclear warheads.
Loranne Ausleys a financial train wreck for taxpayers -- pushing gas taxes, property taxes, taxes on seniors.
Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms using radical regulation, by raising business tax rates as high as nearly 50 percent and by taxing family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent.
Says Donald Trump and Marco Rubio opposed Cruzs efforts to defund Planned Parenthood.
In 1992, Mitt Romney gave money to Democrats for Congress.
In Rhode Island, Nearly 9 percent of covered employees go out on short term disability every year, with an average outage from work of almost 12 weeks each.
The media widely overlooked comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from.
Tampa Bay isleading the state in jobs creation.
The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country.
I just want to assure [you] were not talking about cutting Medicare benefits.
The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people.
Says Donald Trump hired illegal workers from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment.
The median income in this country has declined 10 percent in the last four years.
Says over 40 percent of recent county bonds are for Precinct One, northeast Travis County, because he is quick to identify projects that help make the East Side a desirable place to live.
Guantanamo has never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda.
Sen. Joe Liebermans home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown admitted that his $787 billion stimulus law failed and after specifically attacking Republicans for wanting to lower Americans taxes, (he) now claims that his stimulus bill didnt do enough to lower taxes.
On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker literally invented a $3.6 billion deficit.
90 percent of babies with Down syndrome are aborted.
Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception five times.
Says rabid animals from other states carry different strains of rabies that Florida vaccines and serums dont affect.
The Democrats are very sly. (in New Hampshire) we have same day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, theyre busing them in all over the place.
Ron Johnson is willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies.
When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down.
Jimmy Langevin is having a fundraiser . . . to retire the debt from his campaign for secretary of state, which was 12 years ago.
President Obamas health care law represents a government takeover of health care.
New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years.
Says Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.
The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."
Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds
While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions.
Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs.
Over $1 trillion was spent on anti-poverty programs in 2011, enough to give every single poor American a check for $22,000.
In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.
President Obama in November of last year wiped away (a program) that allows for shared fingerprinting for those who are behind bars so you know who is here legally and illegally.
Limiting labor negotiations to only wages is how it is for the most part in the private sector.
Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
She [Hillary Clinton] has also said unequivocally that she didnt receive classified documents.
When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, This plant kills.
The Federal Register - which houses all Washington regulations - is 34,000 pages in length and weighs in at more than 340 pounds.
NFL players are living, on average, longer than the average male.
Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.
Before this law was passed, Americans were told they could keep their current health care plans. After it became law, the administration issued regulations stating nearly half of Americans would lose their current plan.
Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' 
Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement.
On campaign donations from Texas Capitol lobbyists.
We gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union.
President Barack Obama has the power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country.
Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted to cut school aid by nearly $300 million.
Says that you cant destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do.
Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a womans premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.
The Congressional Budget Office has found that (the stimulus) bill will lead to a real 0.1 to 0.3 percent reduction in gross domestic product by 2019.
An annual income of $500,000 in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class.
Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families.
There is no $30 million pot of money for redistricting issues, including defending redistricting lawsuits. Your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that.
The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff.
Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldnt have been politically correct.
Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black
The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
The Iraq war has been "our longest war."
An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganleys) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBIs highest civilian award
Americans are 20 times as likely to die from gun violence as citizens of other civilized countries.
She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action.
The United States is the only industrialized country that does not guarantee paid time off to care for a new child.
The extra point is almost automatic. (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd attempts.
Says credit rating agencies realize that our instability stems in large part from Oregons kicker system.
You have to be a citizen to vote, but with same-day voter registration, you have places where people just walk in and vote.
Proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants a taxpayer-funded cellular phone.
Perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners rates without having to justify the increase.
The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass.
Dan Webster would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attackers child.
When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.
Says Rick Scott thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control.
57% of the jobs created in Austin from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage.
Says Barack Obama is the only American president who has not visited the D-Day Monument in Normandy on D-Day.
Since February 2009, our economy has lost roughly 3 million private sector jobs while the federal government has grown by more than 400,000 jobs.
Regarding the Iraq War, I was the one that said, Dont go, dont do it, youre going to destabilize the Middle East.
We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bushs last year to $1.6 trillion the following year.
Says Rick Scott spent $800,000 of your tax dollars upgrading the Governors Mansion.
The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks "over the top," "out of context," and "not true."
In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication.
A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay.
The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
Says Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal.
Proposed tax changes are a handout to BP.
Justin Amash is rated Michigans No. 1 conservative by National Right to Life.
As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, (Charlie Crist) had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery.
We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements.
I was banned from talking about Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.
Regarding sexual assault against women, Its actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college.
This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARSwas in 2003.
California cut about $1.3 billion in child care (during the recession). Weve only reinvested about $300 million.
One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays.
Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses of smallpox vaccine and I created enough to vaccinate every man, woman and child against smallpox in America.
Says Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.
Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a candidate for Senate, supports raising taxes by $858 billion.
Says that according to a report, the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austins economy.
Says Austin has the lowest property tax rate by far of the five major cities in Texas.
Says there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison.
Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation.
Democratic candidate Jeff Greene ran for Congress as a California Republican.
Says New Jersey is 50th in return of our federal tax dollars.
Says it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives.
Says PolitiFact has ruled that Ed Gillespies ads are false and misleading.
Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise for almost 10 years.
This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time.
In America, radical speech is not a crime.
Says a federal judge sanctions Tennessee birther lawyer for bringing a frivolous lawsuit.
When it comes to protesters in Madison, almost all are now from outside of Wisconsin.
In fact, 85 percent of Oregonians voted in 2008.
We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills.
For the hour after the (Jan. 14) debate, Debra Medina was the No. 1 search on Google and for the remainder of that night No. 3.
One out of four of our young people say they are victims of this (dating) violence.
Under Ryan plan,those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress.
Seventy of Ohios 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food.
Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed 79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings.
We have the highest funding in (the) K-12 system in the history of the state.
Says the Medicaid fraud rate in Virginia was fact-checked and found to be 0.47 percent.
Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a pre-existing condition.
Says Jeb Bush said low-income women should get their life together and find a husband.
Rick Scott has heavily invested in a company that is geared to helping illegal aliens transfer money to family and friends out of the country."
The stimulus created zero jobs.
Democrats in the Legislature in 2009 voted for various pork projects including a $5 million scoreboard for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy.
Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a states rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
Georgia has more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.
Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion.
We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country.
President Obamas health-care law will add trillions of dollars in debt.
We expanded charter schools.
Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since.
Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
I didnt inherit money from my parents.
While many of his colleagues turned down a $2,500 pay raise ... (Jeff) Plale pocketed the extra money.
President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didnt win.
Due to the war in Iraq, 4,400 Americans are dead, 30,000 severely wounded and more than 100,000 are suffering from serious health problems related to post traumatic stress syndrome.
Repealing the sales tax on boats in Rhode Island has spawned 2,000 companies, 7,000 jobs and close to $2 billion a year in sales activity.
Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax "holiday."
Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended.
Says Bruce Springsteen only had 8,000 tickets sold for a Greensboro show and canceled after they didnt get the ticket sales they wanted.
If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes under the state income-tax cut, but it didnt show up in your paycheck.
Says administrator salaries were increased, but other school employees were left behind.
Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road would be from folks outside Missouri.
Under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high.
Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas.
I never said that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.
What we have now is the most generous, in my opinion, good time bill in the entire United States.
With 320,000 net Ohio manufacturing jobs lost, (Sen. Rob) Portman calls NAFTA a proven success.
Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way.
Nine out of the 10 poorest states are Red states.
Says Colorado Democraticcongressional candidate MorganCarroll racked up $11 billion in new spending in the state Legislature.
To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with todays $14 trillion debt.
Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low.
There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
On using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Discretionary spending has increased over 20-some percent in two years if you dont include the stimulus. If you put in the stimulus, its over 80 percent.
In Washington, Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security), turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market.
Seven times Obama could have stopped Chinas cheating. Seven times, he refused.
We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country.
Milwaukee police and firefighters are routinely getting 4 percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises.
Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOPs goal is to go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy.
There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations.
Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are legal refugees could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
Obama said troops "whine about bearing the costs" of going to war.
Under Barack Obama's plan, the government would spend $1-trillion more.
Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin, even though marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin.
Says U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy has sided with the GOP on key votes twice as often as he sided with Democrats.
Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker.
Says Republican state Sen. Alberta Darling offered unqualified support for a plan to end Medicare
Oregon Health Plan rations covered procedures under certain circumstances
SaysPresident Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used assault rifle bullets.
Weve doubled our use of renewable energy.
We are amassing most of our military strength in a country where fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda remain.
Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with.
If youre from Guatemala and you are found illegally in Mexico, you are automatically jailed.
Says with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise.
The federal government may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obamas health care bill.
Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the presidents commitment that it would not.
Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slavesfreedom in border states, but the states all rejected it.
Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than theyve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what theyve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
Says Democratic Senate candidate Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare.
In 2011, Carlos Lpez-Cantera staunchly supported a Florida bill modeled after Arizonas immigration law
Says Texas has the most uninsured people of any state -- 6 million.
My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years.
In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instructions recent report cards and are failing the children they serve.
Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000.
Paul Workman wants to raise the sales tax.
22 veterans take their own lives each day.
One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids dont graduate.
Before April 22, we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms.
For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. Thats it. They dont have to worry about anything else.
My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives.
After the Texas cutoff of aid to womens health care services including Planned Parenthood clinics, over 150,000 women lost the only health care they had. Our Medicaid birth rate shot up. It cost taxpayers over $130 million in one year alone in extra Medicaid birth costs.
Says Ohio law gives tax breaks to rich people who own private jets.
Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents.
Says Florida Gov. Rick Scotts cuts to education are the same as his proposedcorporate income tax rate reduction.
In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program.
Under the Democratic health plan, families will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care.
Every day in the United States, we are losing 15 factories.
While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long.
The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres.
Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz demanded that Congress vote to increase the nations debt limit without making any spending cuts.
Says one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime.
Ken Cuccinelli tried to shut down state government.
On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals.
I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States.
Says the average government worker wont be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
In his book, (Ken) Cuccinelli questions whether Medicare and Social Security should exist.
Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
When Honduran children came into this country, Secretary Clinton said send them back.
Romneys Medicare plan was estimated to cost the average senior about $6,000 a year.
Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals.
With his proposal to cut income and property taxes, Scott Walker is increasing the state deficit at a time when borrowing is already at record levels.
Sherrod Brown voted six times to raise his own pay.
Boston is just 60 minutes away and its offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline is completely dominated by the cranes.
Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views.
Says 77 percent of Portlands students finish elementary school without taking even one art class.
I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here.
Wisconsins criminal threshold for drunken-driving is way out of line with states surrounding us, which have the second offense as a felony.
During Sherrod Browns past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
Between Austin, San Antonio, Houston and Dallas over 8,000 same-sex couples are raising children.
Undocumented immigrantspay $12 billion a year into Social Security.
The largest enterprise in the world is the federal government of the United States of America
By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs.
Pam Bondi refuses to take a position on the gay-adoption ban.
The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.
Bioweapon! Zika virus is being spread by GMO mosquitos (sic)
Says Texas unemployment is dire in various ways such as a doubling in the jobless rate during Rick Perrys governorship. Also, the Texas rate has increased faster than the national rate during Barack Obamas presidency.
Says tax revenue was lower than expected in May and thats basically a clear indication the governors counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet.
Says federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years.
A small business in my district needed 31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand.
Says state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the states largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas.
400,000 Oregonians have gained access to health care through the Affordable Care Act.
Some city of Atlanta employees have not had raises in eight years.
Some of our states educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children.
Says Wisconsin Manufacturers Commerces own 2014 survey revealed that just 15 percent of business executive respondents were in favor of Right-To-Work legislation.
Says Donald Trumps Make America Great Again caps are made in China.
When it comes to aid, "the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."
Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time.
USA is #1 in gun violence.
During his tenure as mayor, he saw Houstons crime rates drop to the lowest levels in more than 25 years.
The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve.
Polls indicate that white people think that black people are less intelligent. They think theyre less trustworthy, less patriotic.
The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070.
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.
Says Barack Obama sold Chrysler to Italians who are going to build Jeeps in China at the cost of American jobs.
Says Hillary Clinton wrote,I believe the primary role of the state is to teach, train and raise children. Parents have a secondary role.
Says There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States.
If you look at what weve done over the last several years, the crime rate has actually gone down in [Providence] and . . . the number of shootings has been going down.
What I have done -- and this is unprecedented ... is Ive said to each agency ... look at regulations that are already on the books and if they dont make sense, lets get rid of them.
All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia.
In states that have private-sale background checks for handguns 49 percent fewer women are shot and killed.
Austin is the only city in an arid landscape in the western United States dependent on a single source of water.
In the House health care bill, "Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."
The economic impact of Atlantas 2000 Super Bowl was $292 million.
Department of Veterans Affairs doctors are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana.
When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no.
In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget.
Says Texas is last in workers compensation coverage.
On whether the state should ramp up borrowing to build roads.
I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.
John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
When union membership goes down, so do (middle class) wages.
We have a fire marshal that said, Oh we cant allow more people ... And the reason they wont let them in is because they dont know what the hell theyre doing.
Says Marshawn Lynch is second all-time in terms of average yards per rush only to Terrell Davis.
The United States decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution.
Says Rick Scotts proposal for election reform only mandates 48 hours of early voting.
Says the Department of Homeland Security has ordered enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States, possibly to combat massive civil unrest or an invasion by a foreign power.
Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility.
Says that even if you have no children, under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it.
Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all government sponsored enterprises.
I remember landing under sniper fire.
Says he won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.
Says he stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending.
One of the biggest causes of our soaring debt and economic insecurity ends up being Pentagon spending. The budget for the Pentagon consumes more than half of our discretionary spending.
The stimulus bill contains $20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers and $25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs.
In most Muslim countries, We cant have a church. Were not able to build synagogues. Its forbidden.
Many dont know that Bill Young was once the minority leader in the Florida Senate...because he was the only Republican senator.
Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS.
Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romneys tax plan.
The tax-cut deal adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act and about the same as health care reform.
Says female genital mutilation is a central African problem, not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested.
Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill when the stimulus was rushed into law.
On whether the United States should intervene in Libya.
Says 25 percent of Oregonians oppose the death penalty.
Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter.
Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate for health insurance.
Chris Christie has not increased the taxes on anyone.
Weve seen highway fatalities actually decrease in Colorado since marijuana use was legalized.
State school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation.
Says marijuana use among Colorado high school students has not increased since legalization.
New provisions of the health care law bar the use offlexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs.
Says House Republicans tried to change the definition of rape.
There are more than twice as many (crisis pregnancy centers) as there are legitimate abortion providers in the United States.
Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
A simple review of the Backrooms health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a long-standing problem with rodent infestations.
The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006.
Since 1961 our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So whats the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
Under Obama's tax plan, "95 percent of you will get a tax cut."
Says the one person (Donald Trump)has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge.
No other public or private business in America except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance.
Californias proposed tobacco tax diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who dont have to help even one more patient.
Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night to minimize terrorist casualties.
Says hewas one of the chief architects of balancing the federalbudget.
The Miami Dolphins are the only NFL team in the entire nation that pays property taxes.
Says Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011.
Oregon House Republicans jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
Says Rep. Ken Legler voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes.
The city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues; within the households, its fine.
Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise.
More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.
Wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states.
Recent international reports show the United States near the bottom among industrialized nations for k-12 academic achievement.
On changing the rules governing judicial conflicts of interest
The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford.
Preventive care "saves money."
We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over.
Says his administration has created 5 million jobs over the last 30 months in the private sector alone.
I dont think Ive ever hired an illegal in my life.
Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek took us into arbitration.
In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans.
FACT: the special assistant in @johnkasichs office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter
Rhode Island is the last state still using the Optech III P voting machines and they dont meet suggested federal standards.
The United States is the only major country on earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege.
Mickey Mouse was registered to vote (in Florida).
Says that in 41 states, government workers are better paid than the taxpayers who support them.
The federal health care plan "costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."
The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding.
The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year its been up and running.
The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
Says Republican Sen. John McCain won more votes for president in Cuyahoga County in the 2008 general election than he did in seven states.
You cant build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.
On Lee Fishers watch, almost nine out of 10 jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, not to other countries.
Under President Barack Obama, 8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago.
Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital.
Oregon has never before tried to create a land-use plan for what it should look like for 50 years.
We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area.
GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters.
The New York Times had to retract its story that Hillary Clintons email handling had broken certain laws.
Wisconsin women are paid 81 cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job.
New Jersey alone, my home state, is facing a ten-and-a-half billion dollar shortfall in its 2012 fiscal budget. This means more cuts in state and local spending for education, which means our kids are hurt.
On whether the governor of Massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim U.S. senator
The Obama administrations cap-and-trade plan would create a $1,761 yearly energy tax.
On Sandra Day O'Connor: "I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience" before she joined the Supreme Court.
Theres no negative advertising in my campaign at all.
In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire.
Barack Obama said "he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."
Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel and every other country to zero.
Says that under his tax plan, no matter where you are in the stratosphere, youre going to be getting a tax cut.
Says a liberal immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat.
I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel.
According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968.
Says Obama flip-flopped on banning handguns.
Gov. Rick Scott is trying to get a waiver under the federal health care law that would deny consumers in Florida the right to the $60 million in rebates they have from their own HMOs.
Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel.
With a bill bringing $100 million in property tax relief, the typical Wisconsin homeowner will save approximately $680 over four years.
Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive than the United States.
The top 1/10th of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the states population grew.
In Rhode Island there are 150 different pension plans for public workers.
There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible.
The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
Says potential GOP U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supported Obamacare
This year, were off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999.
Says Texas will be majority Hispanic in six years.
Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obamas term would leave the nations highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy.
The cost ofa gas tank fill-up has risen$30 sinceBarack Obama became president.
Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio
Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program.
It takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life.
Carly Fiorina, shes against banning assault weapons.
No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare.
The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support.
Says President Barack Obama did not come into office with the economy in a free fall.
Says Scott Walker said he wouldnt touch the state civil service system but now supports overhauling it.
Obama "supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."
As a congressman, Mark Neumann voted four times to increase our debt.
Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is terrificand that it should keep taxpayer funding.
Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people.
Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that hes been in Congress.
The average student debt coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars.
We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years.
Says under the Romney-Ryan budget ... the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated.
Obama "changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."
Says 80 journalists have been killed in Mexico in the last decade.
Says President Barack Obama has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation, while Congress has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history.
In fact, oil spills from tankers are far more common than the very rare leaks from rigs or pipelines.
John McCain has seven houses.
Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.
Most of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
Fewer Democrats were on the Georgia general election ballot in 2012 than in more than 100 years.
400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You dont get that done unless you work with folks on the other side.
More 25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America.
Says climate scientist James Hansen says we have until perhaps 50 years from now, or maybe a little longer and at that point, we are looking at 10, 20, 30 feet of sea-level rise.
As Virginia lost over 65,000 jobs, (Tim) Kaine put partisan ambitions first by serving as DNC chairman during the last year of his governorship.
Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!
When Nancy Nusbaum was Brown County executive, spending went up nearly 50 percent.
Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade.
More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings.
Says critics called the original GI Bill welfare.
McDonalds workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year.
Says families now pay out 40 percent of their income to taxes.
Says Marco Rubio opposes abortioneven in the case of rape and incest.
We cut a record $15 billion from our state budget.
We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
Were the highest taxed nation in the world.
I did not support the war in Iraq The record shows that Im right.
The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47.
Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
Says Hillary Clinton plans to massively increase admissions (of Middle East refugees) including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country.
Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
On timing of right to work legislation
Says Scott Walker says he would ban stem cell research
Under sequestration, the military was cut down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915.
We have no idea what is contained in [electronic cigarette] vapor.
Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf.
Ninety percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under 100 people, maybe even less than that.
Gangs have increased by 40 percent since this president was elected.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have the identical position on health care, which is they want to put the government in charge of you and your doctor.
One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance.
There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation.
Drilling in ANWR would have minimal impact, covering only "2,000 out of 20-million acres."
Says President Barack Obama could basically legalize all immigrants here illegally by the sign of a pen.
The fact is 90-percent of Down Syndrome children were aborted in this country.
The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of our health programs."
A new Colorado law literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers, then encourages them to turn ballots over to collectors.
Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.
Wisconsins state budget is almost twice as large per person as the state budget of Texas, and even after billions in tax cuts, Wisconsins working families and businesses remain subject to a heavy tax burden.
Says Daniel Webster thinks wives should submit to their husbands.
Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walkers reforms.
A Census Bureau worker says he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down as we headed into an election season.
Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis.
Tennessees appeals court judges were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville before the system of merit selection was put into effect.
Says 67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce.
David Dewhurst is the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail.
Sharron Angle supported "a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."
Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion.
Solyndrahad robots that whistled Disney songs. Im not kidding.
Says Ralph Hall is the oldest member in Congress ever.
If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he "will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again."
Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes.
The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts.
The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent.
President Obamas recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration wont actually save money because hes going to spend it elsewhere.
We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production.
There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after theyve been ordered to leave the United States, including large numbers of violent criminals.
California is home to the largest death row populationin the Western Hemisphere.
A lawyer demanded several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons.
The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy.
More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than whats spent combating Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America.
Says Bernie Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns.
Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
New Jersey has had seven credit downgrades since Chris Christie became governor.
The health care law is the largest tax [increase] in the history of our country
When you look at the nearly 150 men and women who have served us on the Texas Supreme Court, more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience.
On suspending system development charges for two years.
Says on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later.
Atlanta is the No. 1 trading point for sexual slavery in America. Between 100 and 200 girls are sold into slavery in Atlanta every month.
Michelle Nunns foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists.
Were the only nation in the world that does not use the military to secure our border.
The stimulus bill promised to keep unemployment under 8%.
The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years.
Wall Street megabanks that received bailouts in 2009 now get taxpayer-funded advantages not available to community banks in Ohio.
Statistics show 2 to 3 Texas women per week have major complications and 10 women per week seek help at an ER after an abortion.
AARP is "the largest reseller of insurance in the country" and "has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."
I saw my father march with Martin Luther King.
At least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas and there are dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol.
It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than send them to the University of Virginia.
In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
The Capitol Police force is going so far as to use paramilitary equipment in dealing with singing protesters in Madison
All 28 members of NATO have pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us.
The Jewish holiday Purim is "their version of Halloween here."
Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female.
Say that under state law, systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment.
Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
Virginia was named best managed state, best state for business and best state toraise a child while I was governor.
There are more guns than there are people in the United States.
Sanctuary cities such as Philadelphia refuse to cooperate with the federal government in locating suspected terrorists who are in their custody and are in the country illegally.
The current (agriculture) commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias.
Says Obama wants to give (Iran) nuclear weapons and Michael Bennet, he was all for it.
In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. Thats just wrong.
Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.
If you look at any real analysis, the Trans-Pacific Partnership is going to generate better-paying jobs that are more stable.
Women receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
In some of the states in the U.S., homosexuality remains a felony.
Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
Charlie Crist has six different positions on ObamaCare.
To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence provides zero state funding for homeless shelters.
Ive also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) thats supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration.
Since I took office, Wisconsin now has the 2nd highest health care quality ranking in the country.
More than once, Ive actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance.
In a budget deal struck in 2011 a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts.
Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
If it werent for me (illegal immigration) wouldnt even be a big subject.
Every year, more than $40 million are leaving Missouri for the Lone Star State.
Says Scott Walker rejected legislation to make college loan payments tax deductible and the result was to raise taxes on students.
Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
In Florida, 300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they dont have health insurance.
Says abill he vetoed to give driver licenses to certain immigrants known as Dreamers would havechanged nothing.
Were worse than a Third World country in terms of water quality and the way we treat our sewage.
Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output.
Says the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent.
Preventive care coverage under the Affordable Care Act has already helped Granite Staters save money and live healthier lives.
Every year the First Coast Guard District saves 350 lives in the Northeast.
Says Russ Feingold cast the deciding vote for the largest tax increase in history
There is a constitutional issue that affects the paychecks of members of Congress during a shutdown.
Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition.
Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsins mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs.
We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance.
Says during George W. Bushs administration we were losing millions of jobs per month, while under Barack Obama we have three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month.
Sherrod Browns approval rating has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters in a poll by a Democratic pollster.
By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs at Twin River.
Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children.
At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls.
Says Multnomah County libraries are open 44 hours per week the lowest of any library in the four-county region.
Rubio admitted he "would have accepted the stimulus money."
Says his office has already recovered over $2 billion from Wall Street for the workers, retirees, and investors who were harmed.
Wisconsin does not have a deficit. Thanks to Republican reforms, the 2014 budget will begin with a $443 million surplus.
Ohios Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011.
The 9/11 terroristsfriends, family, girlfriends in the United Stateswere sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television.
In the 1950s, "A lot of people got rich and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."
Says Kelly Ayotte voted again yesterday against a proposal to expand background checks -- (buyers) can continue to simply go online or to gun shows to purchase guns without background checks.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson opposes faster broadband internet in small towns and got nearly $90,000 in campaign contributions from the telecom special interests.
They delayed my swearing-in here in Massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram (the health care law) through.
Obama's plan for health care reform ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays.
Says North Carolina Rep. Renee Ellmers was the only Republican to vote against an amendment to prioritize the deportation of sexual criminals who are illegal immigrants.
Were $15 trillion now in debt, with a president thats racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined.
Says that as a U.S. senator, Russ Feingold voted against authorizing our military 11 separate times.
A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.
Says Donald Trump supports an agenda out there to privatize the Veterans Affairshealth care system.
NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide.
Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
We have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina with the passage of HB2.
Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."
On expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
Says George LeMieux falsely attacked Marco Rubio.
Since 2009, Georgias public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up.
Says President Obama promised hed keep unemployment below 8 percent if the stimulus passed.
Scott Walker opposed a plan to help Wisconsin students refinance their student loans.
Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
Says Donald Trumps presidential victory was an electoral landslide.
In 2007, Ed Gillespie was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan.
Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that theyre going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years.
African-Americans dont use drugs at a higher level than whites but wind up going to prison six times more.
Given how expansive our program already was, expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare was a relatively small expansion.
In 2010, Clinton said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said shes always argued against it.
Says cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation.
Weve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that weve followed them in for the Super Bowl. Weve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales.
Scott Fisher tried to expand Obamacare in Texas and even voted for an official resolution to force 1 million Texans into Obamacare.
Says Rep.Mike Coffman istheone who said he would support Trump.
Very little of (the defense) budget less than 10 percent actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism.
More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge.
Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PBJ sandwiches racist.
Senate Democrats have never held up a Supreme Court nomination.
After Hurricane Katrina, Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his buddies empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare.
Under Gov. Scott Walkers proposals, Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations.
Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs.
We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. Its 35 percent.
As a senator, Hillary Clinton actually paid female staffers a lot less than men.
In Liberia, a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read.
Says Travis County Commissioner Gerald Daugherty claims to have taken a pay cut, but for 2016, he voted to raise his salary by 19.6 percent.
Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans benefits over these last years.
Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isnt even using the funds that are appropriated to it.
In New York, your chances of getting murdered are 1 in 25,000. In Honduras, its 1 in 14.
Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket this year.
Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing everybody a lot of money.
Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two.
Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state.
On average, women make 77 cents for every dollar men make.
The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix.
Says the Ohio Consumers Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers actions are directly responsible for killing at least 15,000 jobs.
Most of the (Affordable Care Act) has already in some sense been waived or otherwise suspended.
Due to Obamacare, Arkansas has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already.
Lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find it very easy to get marijuana, easier than to get alcohol.
For every $1 spent on afterschool programs, we can save over $5, almost $6, in crime costs down the line.
Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America.
In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police.
Says Marco Rubio went on Univision, and in Spanish he promised that he would not on the first day in office rescind President Obamas illegal executive action.
Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Prince William County has cut violent crime in half since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration.
Says military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, they would not follow his orders.
Barack Obama wants to "restore" the estate tax that George W. Bush "repealed."
Connecticuts take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the states take on table games: zero.
Barack Obamas health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before.
The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he renegotiated it down to two hours.
The new Hartsfield-Jackson international terminal was on time and on budget.
In Congress right now, were doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature, but its still only 19 percent.
Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims.
If Florida expanded Medicaid, some studies indicate it would create about 120,000 jobs.
Invested $90 million in traffic fixes without raising taxes.
Says he voted no on the Wall Street bailouts.
A DWI costs $17,000.
Says that Rep. Betty Sutton would rather riot with Occupy (Wall Street) than stand up for Ohio families.
The city of Atlanta has one of the highest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations per capita, ranking third among major American cities.
Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote for the stimulus and the health care bill.
Huckabee supported a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate.
Says he was endorsed by theValley News newspaper.
Iowas Republican caucus stopped mattering years ago. It in no way determines the party nominee.
Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts.
Says Rick Perry is the guy that tracked down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003.
Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined.
Virginias educational level among whites is higher than Georgias.
Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he now is against earmarks.
More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history.
Says the Austin chapter of the League of Women Voters has no Republicans among elected officers or on its debate committee.
The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012.
Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work.
The people of Rhode Island dont want same-sex marriage.
Statistics show that more people at this time telecommute than they ride carpools, mass transit, bicycle or walk.
Eliminating earmarks "would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."
Statistics show one male cat can father 420,000 kittens in five years.
Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac.
In the 2014 elections, the American people overwhelmingly said we dont want Obamacare and we dont want amnesty.
New Mexico is the second Hollywood because of tax incentives for the film industry.
Says CNNs Wolf Blitzer was wrong to say that the wealthiest Americans, they pay the most in taxes already -- 50 percent of Americans dont even pay any federal income tax.
Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs.
Currently we have some 40-45% of Americans who are not paying any taxes.
The income tax that started at 2 percent under Governor Byrne is now 9 percent.
Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
Dallas African-American and Hispanic students pass AP exams at a higher rate than any other place in America.
A majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
Were spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
David Beckhams proposed soccer stadium at Miamis Port threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries.
Says new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War.
500,000 people have signed up for #Obamacare.
Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because there was a recent survey of the top airports in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25.
Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage.
By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family.
Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States.
Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage.
Gov. Lawton Chiles said "if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."
Under Barack Obamas watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives.
Florida remains the top travel destination across the world.
Middle-class families throughout America (would) have to pay $6,000 per year to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.
More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in.
Says Gov. Rick Scotts approval ratings are up.
I was filibustered.
Weve got more revenue than we ever have.
Says Paul Workman authored legislation providing amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Bruce Starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability.
Says Common Core is a federal mandate.
Says abortion is the most common surgery in our country.
Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work.
Says nothing in Obamas $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation actually secures the border.
Says Texas lawmakers last year expanded public educations share of state spending.
On George Allens U.S. senate candidacy.
More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress.
The city of Richmond built the second richest team in the NFL a $14 million stadium.
The House of Delegates budget bill cuts $50 million from education.
Right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of Tennessees lottery scholarship students for a few years more.
Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals.
Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming.
McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' 
If Gov. Romneys plan goes into effect the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security.
The Chris Hani Baragwanath in South Africa is the worlds third-biggest hospital.
We didnt have a development director for over seven months.
Today, there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana.
Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail.
Says President Obamas proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon.
The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary.
Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didnt have it before, through the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
Says Delta Air Lines has once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis.
According to crime statistics, riding MARTA has been becoming more and more safe over the years.
Red light camera installed to promote public safety.
Says public education will get more money in 2012-13 though lawmakers cut $15 billion in overall spending.
Says Rick Scott cut Bright Futures scholarships in half.
Says up to a quarter of African Americans dont have government photo ID.
Says he has repeatedly praised Chuck Hagels character, patriotism, bravery, and personal service defending our nation.
Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health.
Muslims attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas.
Solar panels drain the suns energy.
An overwhelming majority of Americans support passage of the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented youth willing to work for a college degree or serve in our armed forces.
Says the claim that 40 percent of guns are sold without background checks traces to information gathered before background checks were even required.
An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008.
The economy always does better when theres a Democrat in the White House.
Florida has the most errors and exonerations from death row.
If the government shuts down, all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available.
Says the Portland Childrens Levy holds its administrative expenses to less than 5 percent.
A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it.
Sen. Arlen Specters party switch could end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee.
Community banks are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank.
Says there are ample means to tell when someone is a Christian in the Middle East ... by name, by where theyre born, their birth certificates.
Property taxes are now 18% higher than when(Mark Sharpe)first took office.
In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
Rick Perry advocated to liquidate the states rainy day fund in 2007.
Says Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries.
Says Mike Enzi is getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. Thats more than any senator of either party.
But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week.
Says Donald Trumps polling numbers show that hes the highest with Hispanics that any Republican has ever been.
On transparency in dealing with the Republican Party of Florida's financial issues.
A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him.
We were able to provide $428 million worth of property tax relief.
Right-to-work states have higher rates of income growth.
Thurbert Baker kept a teen in jail "who didn't even commit a felony."
Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a female impersonator.
Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment.
Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit.
A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution.
On opposing any and all efforts to increase taxes.
The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House.
Rhode Islands graduated driving license has saved hundreds of lives.
There was no panhandling when I left office.
Right now, Texas doesnt have an income tax and Oklahomas lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.
An Environmental Protection Agency regulation that goes into effect Jan. 1, 2012, regulates dust.
Roy Blunt voted to raise his own pay 12 times while in Congress.
A grant for $5,000 [from the Governors Workforce Board] went to teach an employee at a company that makes ornamental business card holders how to use Facebook and Twitter.
Says Hillary Clinton is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybodys jobs, including low-income African-Americans.
Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
Barack Obama "extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected."
New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York.
On responding to chemical weapon use in Syria
The Ryan budget gets rid of Medicare in 10 years and turns it into a voucher program.
Says Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the right to health care ... means you believe in slavery.
HIV/AIDS among women is skyrocketing in Austin.
In 2011, there were more than 28,000 new Tennessee jobs created and over $4 billion in capital investment. Our Jobs4TN plan is working.
Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering.
More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013.
Rick Santorum reformed welfare.
I created a flat tax in the state of Utah. It took that state to the number-one position in terms of job creation.
Says restoring Georgia pre-k to a 180-day program was a real result of his leadership.
Saysthere are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started the War on Poverty.
The Democrats' health care bill "gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."
Aphotograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background.
Among manufacturers with fewer than 50 employees, the average cost in terms of regulations is $34,000 per employee.
50 percentof murders in Texas have been linked to illegal aliens.
As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bills lobbyist.
Says the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida.
Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill.
In the weekend after the terrorist attacks in Paris, the White House said this couldnt happen in the United States. ISIS couldnt reach us here.
Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA.
On immigration reform
House Republican plan would increase costs for Oregon seniors by $6,000 with health care vouchers instead of Medicare
I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico.
Broward Countys unemployment rate of 5.3 percent is the lowest in Florida.
Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag "to better offer our enemies hope and love."
The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.
An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) bans implementation in Ohios hospitality industry alone.
There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist.
More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry.
In the 80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes.
Most tips left at Dunkin Donuts dont go to employees.
Says Hillary Clinton will receive her congressional salary until she dies and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.
$6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 has yet to be tapped.
Says his budget plan would cut our deficits by $4 trillion.
Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
Says because of his actions, Wisconsin property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago.
The new 21st State Senate district was created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house.
Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.
I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question.
The Muslim Brotherhood has openly stated they want to declare war on Israel.
President Barack Obama wants to take in 250,000 (people) from Syria.
Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities.
We are the most generous in New England and New England is known for its generosity toward its welfare recipients.
Youre in more trouble if you leave your pet in the car than if you leave your child in the car.
Amajority of the men and women on this stage have previously and publicly embraced amnesty. I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supportedamnesty.
Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country.
The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, threatens global public health.
Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, living longer on average, and facing less income inequality.
David Cicilline is the 5th most liberal person in the House of Representatives.
Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low.
President Obama was raised Muslim.
Says Joe Garcia voted to raise our utility rates.
The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes....
Texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined.
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS.
At his fathers bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed.
Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43.
One Wisconsin school district is so worried about losing state funding that it has stopped giving milk to elementary school kids during snack time.
Congress is on vacation.
98 percent of American families make under $250,000 a year.
Trade deals threaten Indias role as the pharmacy of the developing world for new HIV medicines.
Toothpaste contains the poison substance of fluoride.
When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits, just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
More people die from medical misadventures than firearm accidents nationally and in Florida.
Wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in 2012 but got paid for a whole year.
Sen. Jeff Merkley voted six times for more debt.
Says he didnt tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election.
Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an at risk designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student.
Alison Alter got an F in attendance in 2016 as an Austin parks board member and was removed by a unanimous vote of the Austin City Council.
We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, theyre considered employed.
It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and cant afford its new science textbooks.
Says Merrick Garland authored an opinion that resulted in the release of 17 Guantanamo Bay prisoners who were part of a group of violent Islamist extremists the State Department had designated as terrorists.
The difference over the (previous) four years between where things were headed and where we brought them to over the last four years is a total of $816 in saved property tax money.
Says GOP recall challenger Kim Simac was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years.
Says Gov. Rick Scott returned $1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law.
Charlie Crist was the only prominent Republican in the country to campaign with Barack Obama before the stimulus passed, on behalf of the stimulus.
Says he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after Tallahassee pulled a fast one.
The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians.
Says President AbrahamLincoln tried to arm the slaves.
Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words endowed by their Creator when referring to the Declaration of Independence.
Lyme disease is one of the fastest growing infectious diseases in the United States, and Rhode Island has the second-highest incidence of this disease in the country.
Says all my grandparents immigrated to America.
Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack took seven and a half years to finish college.
If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years.
Will Hurd tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record.
Says (t)his 12 year council Seat-warmer has never chaired, vice chaired, or led a single Council committee meeting.
Austins Pease Elementary is a school that was created as part of the Texas Constitution.
Minnesota is kicking butt relative to Wisconsin on everything from employment and job creation to school test scores, educated work force and a host of other factors and rankings
The United States doesnt have the highest murder rate among developed countries. You look at Russia, you look at Brazil, those are countries that have 3 to 5 times higher murder rates than what we have here in the United States.
Low-flow toilets can cost homeowners up to $1,000 each.
Starting in December 2007, 1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs.
The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office.
The startup rate of Hispanic businesses is three times the national rate.
Says Katie McGintyactually agrees with Hillary Clinton and the most liberal wing of the Democrats on everything.
The CBO now says the presidents health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021.
Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
A government report shows that alternatives to the Keystone XL pipeline are worse for the environment.
The payday loan industry does not exist in a state like Minnesota.
The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin.
Independent analysts found that Trumps tax plan, given to the wealthy and big corporations, would rack up $30 trillion in debt.
Says there are no political prisoners in Cuba.
I didnt raise taxes once.
The transportation tax is regressive, and Emory University is literally getting its own transit line at virtually no cost to itself.
Since Gina Raimondo took office, investment fees on the states pension portfolio have gone up from about $12 million annually to about $50 million.
Says With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project.
We dont take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will.
Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder.
A study of private bail bond systems showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states of defendants skipping court appearances.
John Kerry was at 4 percent in the polls in December of 2003...and he ended up becoming the nominee of the party.
Says that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions.
The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina,saying she isone of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company.
The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state.
Says Chuck Hagels nomination as defense secretary has been publicly celebrated by the Iranian government.
There's no rationing in any of these bills.
We had 2 percent of the global market (for advanced batteries) when he (Obama) started. We now have 16 percent, headed to 40 percent by 2015.
Says we will pay the new chancellor a basic salary of nearly $300,000 a year ... an amount that does not include the costs of this public employees benefits, perks and living expenses for a lavish house, an upscale car, a spending allowance, and fine dining almost every day on the taxpayer dollar.
The $1.8 billion in [transportation] bonding, we dont have a repayment mechanism.
The majority of public funding for the Marlins stadium came from hotel taxes, the burden of which is incurred by tourists who are visiting our city, NOT the resident taxpayers.
It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
The study of the Savannah River Estuary . . . clearly demonstrates the project can be constructed and [environmental] impacts will be mitigated.
You might be surprised to know that 137 billion gallons flows (into Lake Erie) every day. You might be surprised to know that only 86.3 billion gallons flow out. ... Leaving us a net surplus of approximately 50 billion gallons a day.
Under the Obama administrations bailout of General Motors, Ohio dealerships were forced to close.
The U.S. has 5 percent of the worlds population, 25 percent of the worlds known prison population.
If you put the $47 billion in revenue (raised over 10 years by the Buffett rule) into infrastructure you could create 611,000 infrastructure jobs.
Florida has 1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. Weve got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf.
Health proposal would create a "40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."
Obamacare cuts $500 billion in future Medicare funding in order to fund the new constitutionally questionable government mandate, even going so far as to scuttle Medicares most popular (and successful) part, Medicare Advantage.
In the Wisconsin health insurance exchange, the Society of Actuaries points out that therell be, according to them, an 82 percent increase in individual premiums over the next couple years under Obamacare.
Our kids cant openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school.
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country.
Our school test scores are right at the bottom.
Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on wild hogs.
Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005.
The last time Republicans held hostage a resolution to ensure that our countrys bills were paid cost us more than $1 billion in added interest and slowed the economic recovery.
Says President Bill Clinton did not sign NAFTA.
One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.
Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which you understand means that you cant do any research about it.
Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
SaysTom Cotton voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola.
The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out of access to the citys finances.
President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year.
My office is about a 300-step walk to the governors office.
Says Marco Rubio voted against every bill that would have helped keep our families safe. He even voted against a bipartisan measure, introduced by a Republican, to prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns.
Says Rep. Jim Renacci was trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut.
Says Obama administration delay of health care laws employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.
Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years.
Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office cost tens of millions of dollars to run.
Says I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door.
President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'
Says that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president.
The FCCs net neutrality policy includes whatis essentially a massive tax increase.
The Medicare drug program resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right.
Says President Barack Obama is trying to pack the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Attacks on Planned Parenthood come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 dont have access to health care.
Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world are in India and China.
The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs.
Loretta Lynch, the new nominee for attorney general, was a member of Bill Clintons defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe.
Says the No. 2 cause of death in the U.S. (for) women under 50 is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner.
The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan.
When we go to vote, they ask for drivers license and verify that you are a voter and a citizen in the state of Texas.
Says Michael Bennet votes for President Obamas agenda 98 percent of the time. Hardly independent, hardly bipartisan.
The actual (construction) contracts that weve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates.
Theres 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They dont have to wait until theyre 65.
Says Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., only needs about 40,000 to 50,000 votes to win election to Congress compared with the 120,000 votes King needs, because Waters has a higher immigrant population.
Obama "says he'll raise taxes on electricity."
The Obama White House recognizes a baby that has not been born for security purposes.
When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson.
Says that when Michelle Fields found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed.
When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, Ive stood up to them to protect local control.
When Hillary Clinton ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen they dont know.
In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster.
Our countrys got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more.
In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare.
Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues.
Says Cory Booker supports late-term and partial-birth abortion and opposes safety regulations.
The Affordable Care Act is a major reason why weve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals.
By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.
In every ethics case that has resulted in a formal sanction, theres been an investigative subcommittee thats been established first.
Most Texans aren't millionaires.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson admitted that Washington, D.C., changed him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests.
Says Donald Trump is against minimum wage.
Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use.
Says the media created the term polar vortex and the cold air proves the ice isnt melting.
A proposed mine in Wisconsin is about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago.
Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues.
Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years.
Says Wisconsin state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, has already been recalled.
Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement.
Says Scott Walker left college under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix the election for student body president.
Fourteen million Americans mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
The health care law was a 2,733-page bill! . . . No amendments!
There are tens of thousands of homes right here in California where you turn on the faucet but you cant drink the water.
Says four Democratic state senators voted to raise taxes on Wisconsin workers by another $510 a month so freeloaders can get free state-run health care.
Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
David Simpson actually voted for drivers licenses for illegal immigrants.
110 people a day move to Austin.
There are over 200 documented cases where (Obama) has lied.
Says Hillary Clinton savaged the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault and shamed them.
About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage.
There are still more people uninsured today than when Obama was elected president.
Says that over the past 20 years, Texas public school spending rose 142 percent and per-pupil spending more than tripled when adjusted for inflation.
Says Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.
We got [the Quonset Business Park] for free and were getting zero dollars out of it into the state coffers other than the fact that it produces the jobs.
Says under federal law we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy.
Our debt is already bigger than our economy.
SaysLoretta Lynchs nomination has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined.
George Bush sent people to war without body armor.
Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today.
ISIS is now the predominantIslamist group in Benghazi.
The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever.
Langevin votes the party line about 98 percent of the time."
Clinton has "raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."
According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in thefirst year and about 15,000 jobs afterfive years.
January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.
I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did.
The oceans have become 30 percent more acidic.
A bipartisan background check amendment outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text.
It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids).
U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham says South Carolina has a labor shortage and wants more immigration.
We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year.
380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone.
Says under Mitt Romney, Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan.
Governor-elect Scott Walkers opposition to high-speed rail killed 13,000 Wisconsin jobs
On running for Senate if Jim Webb retires.
The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas.
Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old.
How is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions (like U.S. Rep. Steven Smith) allowed to serve?
Says Gov. John Kasich implied that a portion of workers compensation rebates to employers should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash.
Online voter registration is a more secure way of doing voter registration.
My recommended budget includes $1 billion in new state funding for education.
Theres a mosque inside of the Pentagon.
Says Mitt Romney wants to get rid of Planned Parenthood.
Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003.
There are no similar clips of Newt Gingrich talking about how ineffective President Bush was in trying to control North Korea.
Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, You took it out of your book.
If theres a government shutdown, people dont get their Social Security checks.
When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when peoples lives were put into these situations.
The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced.
Todays marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
Terry McAuliffe has threatened to shut down Virginias government if his budget plan isnt supported.
Less than half of jobs at the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana are actually staying.
Its taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio Erie) Canal.
The Mitchell Park Domes lose about $1 million-plus every year and the number of people going to the Domes has been going down.
A government shutdown could disrupt ... veterans benefits.
We have invested record funding in protecting our environment.
Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years
Says New Jerseys prison system is 61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black.
Joe Garcia raised utility rates on families.
Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary.
Says a tweet he sent out wasnt saying, check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the background of Alicia Machado.
Since 2000, Texas has reduced harmful pollutants in the air like nitrogen oxide by 62.5 percent, and ozone by 23 percent--a reduction that is 12 percent greater than the national average.
Theres at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, it could be as high as 22,000.
Very few men outlive their own fertility.
I am the only person in this field who is against amnesty. Every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here, in one form or another.
Says he paid one dollar for a sweater at Kohls.
While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said he didnt believe women belonged in the workplace but belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.
In Afghanistan "the (military) leadership has proposed a new medal, an award for 'Courageous Restraint' ... for 'NOT FIRING BACK.' "
Says Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs.
Says in the last five years Senate Republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee.
Denies that he said the Obama campaign "played the race card."
What they will do is socialized medicine.
In the past, President Obama has refused to meet with representatives from Cuban exile organizations.
Says Texas lawmakers agreed to cut states rainy day fund in half, spending $4 billion from current $8 billion.
Says his tax plan wouldnt leave the federal government with a $1.1 trillion hole.
Youre paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allens) health care, and she took yours away.
Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income.
Since January 2015, the majority of our Austin City Council meetings have extended past 10 p.m. and many of our meetings have gone past midnight.
Whether in Illinois or Washington, Barack Obama has bridged partisanship to bring about significant reform.
Its costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room.
George Allen and his colleagues in the Senate turned the biggest surplus in the history of the United States into the biggest deficit in the history of the United States.
When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, theyre still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
Says Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than theyre paying now.
Weve got a personal tax system thats so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code.
Virginia is headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states.
The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.
Says he often appeared on The OReilly Factorand often was praised byBillOReilly.
Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.
Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half.
Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese.
Say George Washington said that when government takes away citizens right to bear arms it becomes citizens duty to take away governments right to govern.
As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by millions of dollars every year and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010.
A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline is an earmark under House rules.
The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror.
We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets.
After four years of a celebrity president 85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to keep an extreme, job-killing Internal Revenue Service paperwork mandate.
$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did.
Says George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obamas jobs bill.
Ed Gillespies 2006 book promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code.
McDonalds in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S.
John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Says when New Jersey adopted guaranteed coverage and cost provisions without a mandate individual health insurance market rates doubled or tripled and enrollment dropped from 180,000 people to 80,000 people.
(Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water.
We can fix our roads without raising taxes.
Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, the stock market lost 2,000 points.
On auditing the Federal Reserve
The Providence teacher contract is one of the longest in the country.
The FL Guard has defended our freedom in Afghanistan, Iraq, and put their lives at risk; now the fed govt is going to cut their pay 20%.
The Murray-Ryan deal is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986.
When I was growing up as a kid in the city of Milwaukee, if we averaged 4 homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number.
The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000.
One thousand people a day are moving to Texas, which means there will be 15 million more people over the next 25 years.
In the three months before the act took effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost about 35,000 jobs a month.
Every dropout costs us $72,000 for the life of that person.
Since 1965, the United States has spent untold trillions yet the poverty rate hasnt budged.
The state budget has gone up over 80 percent under Rick Perry.
A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels.
Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance.
Says she voted against the Medicare Part D prescription drug program because it was unfunded.
Ohio today has the fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration.
Barack Obama ended up getting re-elected by the largest gender gap in the history of American elections.
If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars.
Over 12,000 school kids were arrested in Florida. It makes Florida the nations leader in that area.
The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic.
Hillary Clintons international travels included no serious diplomacy.
Theres only three countries in the entire world wheretheres no paid vacation by law, we happen to be one of them.
Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state.
Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators voted to censor the internet.
Citing his efforts to secure the border, Obama said, Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is the lowest it has been since the 1970s.
Under President Barack Obama, more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago.
(The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools.
On support for Ted Cruz
Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics.
Having an active father makes children 98 percent more likely to graduate from college.
A precinct in the Allen West-Patrick Murphy recount has 7 registered voters in Guatemalan community and the tally showed 900 voted!!!!!
Hidden in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information.
The Florida Supreme Court has no express authority in the Florida Constitution to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.
There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonalds in Broward County.
U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher is the only working farmer currently serving in the House.
After one year, Tennessees students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state.
Says as we sit right now, Medicare, if we do nothing, will be gone in eight years, if we do nothing to it.
In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year.
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.
Says Mexico doesnt have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the only ones to have it.
Austin is effectively imposing a ban on barbecue restaurants.
Today roughly half of born-again Christians arent voting. Theyre staying home.
Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!
Wisconsin bill grants drug companies and medical device manufacturers immunity from injuries and deaths caused by their products.
Wisconsins rainy day fund is 165 times bigger than when we first took office.
The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
In Wisconsin, 300,000 voters were turned away by the states strict voter ID law in the 2016 presidential election.
Since Rick Perry became governor, poverty rates in Texas increased from 15.1% to 17.5% which is higher than the national average.
Says U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy is among seven Tea Party freshmen who spent an average of $15,000 on cars for themselves.
Says 11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land in the United States bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument.
The left is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgias elections.
More Tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote.
Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?
The Great Recession emerged in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm.
Says President Obamas decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump.
Says Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm.
Says Mitt Romney pays less tax than the guys who installed his car elevators.
[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050.
Of the 25 wealthiest nations, were the only one that doesnt provide basic health coverage.
Says Ted Strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is mixed and spotty.
In New York City, murders are up.
Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
In Virginia, people are going and getting marriage licenses who are 12 and 13, and 14 and 15 years old.
Harry Reid has voted to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally.
According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth.
$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on origami condoms.
Says Donald Trump wants to deport our Dreamers.
An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was dragged through the streets and abused.
We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers.
Unions did not create the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. Henry Ford did.
In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury.
Says President Obama has cracked down on employers who are attracting undocumented immigrants and hiring them more than any previous president.
Says Donald Trump literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable.
Says Gov. Jeb Bush vetoed the Quiones Plan because it was taxation without representation on a large scale.
Oregon concealed gun applications include home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking.
Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
Says Mark Hass raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day.
Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years, a campaign spokesman said.
There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term.
Says there were only about eight or 10 inflammatory sentences in his newsletters.
In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was collecting information to protect America because it was unseemly, but that move led to millions and millions of deaths in World War II.
Dan Branch once lobbied for the AFL-CIO.
Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and theyre rushing to build a lot more. Theyll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future.
Our ranking in terms of the best and worst states to do business in was 43 four years ago, and we just moved up to 17 two weeks ago.
Says former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that if the workers are more insecure, thats very healthy for the society because theyll serve the masters gladly and passively.
The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of states office than when she took it.
The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout.
Donald Trump rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it.
Seven of Americas 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area.
Says Rick Perry provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants.
By the word religion in the First Amendment, the founders meant Christianity.
Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. Hes already significantly reduced our capabilities there.
The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000.
Says Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam label police as racists.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker eliminated cancer screenings for uninsured women and offered no alternatives.
Almost 95 percent of all (Planned Parenthood) pregnancy services were abortions.
[W]e see Americas prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!
Says Will Hurd cosponsored a bill that would militarize our border and allow 200 miles of new roads to be built in the Big Bend region -- cutting up our beloved park.
Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding.
Says taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million.
Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge.
Under the new health care law, all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax
Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year.
I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit.
There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
Says Barack Obama has added $16 trillion to the national debt.
Says President Barack Obama has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon.
Says state Senate leaders have accepted $142,400 in campaign contributions from dentists and pharmacists during the past two years.
By the end of this budget Im in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.
Says she voted for a statewide fracking ban.
The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports a plan for privatizing Social Security.
The majority of people in polls do not support Obamacare.
Only one out of five of the so-called Syrian refugees who went into Europe were actually Syrian.
Says middle-class New York State residents will have the lowest tax rate in 70 years.
John Mica's brother is an oil lobbyist and his daughter represents the natural gas industry.
China owns more of our bonds than do Americans.
There has been a 100 percentincrease in student debt under this Democratic White House.
Says Chris Christie fired 6,000 teachers.
Says Nevadans will have a double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year and 10 of Nevadas 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer
Gov. Rick Scott signed into law a bill that gives Floridas public officials an easy way to avoid disclosing their personal finances.
Senator Jeff Plale saved my job -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
My son had to resign his job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us.
California Senator, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said if she could say to Mr. America and Mrs. America, Give me your guns, Im rounding em up, she would.
Says Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment.
Says Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama naive for saying he was would sit down and talk to the Iranians during the 2008 Democratic primary.
Says Ohio is one of just 17 states with an estate tax, and it has the lowest threshold in the nation.
As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
Hitler abolished unions and thats what Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is doing today.
Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
The insurance risk corridors arent going broke like Republicans predicted.
An image in a ChrisAbele TV ad depicts wealthy citizens who would benefit from a lake created by the controversial Estabrook Dam.
Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the stimulus bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money including AIG to hand out huge bonuses.
Water rates in Manila, Philippines, were raised up to 845 percent when a subsidiary of the World Bank became a partial owner.
The "pay-as-you-go law ... was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s."
The profit [from automated traffic enforcement cameras] is going to the private corporations, not to the city or state.
Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires.
Theres no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
Sen. Barbara Boxer passed only three bills in 18 years into law.
My opponent here has accepted money from Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae (and) hosted subprime mortgage seminars.
I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA.
If you make more than $250,000 a year you only really take home about $125,000.
The post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim.
Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary.
McCain "said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."
In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, hands or feet or clubs and hammers than with any type of rifle.
If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, 75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon.
Says Texas ranks first among the states in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted and toxic chemicals released into water.
There are 500 million Internet users and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. So youve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent.
Cincinnati is already one of the biggest cities in the country to run 100 percent on clean energy.
The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football.
Hispanic students in Florida perform the best of any Hispanic population in the United States.
Sen. Johnny Isakson voted for a trade agreement, with China costing Georgia 93,000 jobs.
The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language.
Hillsboroughs Public Transportation Commission has a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on.
There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.
There were $2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012.
Says Rick Perry proposed a binational health insurance program with Mexico.
Mitt Romneys pledged to protect (oil companies) record profits and their billions in special tax breaks, too.
Says 10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed.
Says Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars.
If youre from Syria and youre a Christian, you cannot come into this country as a refugee.
Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994.
Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted himself health care for life.
Al Franken said almost exactly what Trump said about John McCains military record.
Says his proposed education spending is the highest state funding level in Florida history.
Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are front groups for foreign-controlled companies.
Says Rick Scott gave a deposition in which he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times about his dealings as head of Columbia/HCA hospital chain
When it comes to fighting terrorism, Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture.
Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law.
CEOs now earn 431 times what their workers earn.
[W]hen adjusted for cost of living, Georgia ranks first nationally in teacher salary and benefits.
Democrats have lost more than 900 state legislators since Barack Obama has been president.
Gonzales losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner.
The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less.
Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud.
In Afghanistan, it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an improvised explosive device, or IED.
Today in Selma, Ala., the poverty rate is roughly nine times that of whites.
Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele eliminated sheriffs office funding for providing security for presidential and presidential campaign visits.
Says the Republican Party platform says pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold while the Democratic Party platform says we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform.
ObamaCare will use your tax dollars to provide free Viagra to convicted rapists and registered sex offenders.
Studies have shown that voter fraud is non-existent in Texas.
Shirley Sherrod was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this.
Says a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year.
The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.
Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office.
Says under Mayor Cory Booker, Newark has seen violent crime up five years in a row, murder up five years in a row.
By 12th grade, more than 3 out of 10 girls have been pregnant at least once.
Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate.
We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration, adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year.
Since Obamacare became law, most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs.
Says under U.S. Sen. Robert Menendezs watch the nations unemployment rate and debt doubled and the federal budget deficit quadrupled.
Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino.
The deficit this year could pay all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years.
Says President Barack Obama neversaid, No boots on the ground in Syria.
80 percent of North Carolinians are for the living wage
It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education.
Wisconsin state and local government workers pay $500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000 per year in union dues.
Says Michelle Obama waved red communist flags on her trip to China.
U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China.
The Greenlight Pinellas 1-cent sales tax is permanent, we never get to vote on this again.
HIV/AIDS is dramatically on the rise in the U.S. South.
The Austin Independent School Districts graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working.
25,000 businesses have been created since (Scott) Walker took office.
Says Texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to "create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today."
Says Donald Trump is going to go out and carpet bomb the Middle East.
BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state.
Prayer rugs have recently been found on the Texas side of the border in the brush.
Say the ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay in the U.S. is 475 to 1.
Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama owe $333,485 in back taxes.
Says Miami Congressman Carlos Curbelo supports drilling offshore and repeatedly voted against President Obamas ability to fight pollution and combat climate change.
In South Carolina, women earn 76 cents on the dollar to mens earnings.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's "concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts having been counted.
The Employment Non-Discrimination Act discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom.
It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you dont do this in an election year.
Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad.
Says Hillary Clinton negotiated the first agreement ever where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions.
When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran.
On job creation numbers in the latest Start-Up NY report: This is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that Ive looked at.
Economic Development Commission Executive Director Keith Stokes sent me a letter and he said the taxpayers will never be on the hook for these bonds for 38 Studios.
Since 2007, Texas has gained 440,000 people while Maryland has lost 20,000.
Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy.
Says under his budget-repair bill, collective bargaining is fully intact.
President Barack Obama has announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated.
Sen. (Richard) Burr voted no on the Violence Against Women Act.
The tax policies of George W. Bush created a dynamic effect of high growth.
Says the high-speed rail project provides short-term jobs.
The Obama administration willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations.
Redskins is used historically as a term of respect.
The immigration bill includes free Obamacars, motorcycles or scooters.
Under David Dewhursts leadership, the Texas Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants.
After 9/11, Jim put us all first by serving for 23 months in Iraq, the wars longest tour.
The EPA has tried to define a puddle or a drainage ditch on your farm to be navigable waters and thus subject to massive environmental regulations.
Rand Pauls speech ... on Gattaca was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.
Says Josh Mandel bet against Ohio families
More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their familys plan.
The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment.
Says Kurt Schrader supports Obamas sequester but wont cut $1.6 million to fund new video games.
I am the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon other than these drug gangs taking on one another end up being shot with their own weapon.
Says Morgan Carroll opposed requiring convicted sex offenders to register their online profiles, making it harder to track online sex offenders and child predators.
Says MittRomneys tax plans would give an additional $250,000 tax cut to millionaires and billionaires while raising taxes on the middle class.
Says PolitiFact has said he kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules.
After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.
Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgias economy annually, making it the states largest industry.
Says we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates.
The United States is about to have the smallest Army since before WWII, the smallest Navy since WWI and the smallest Air Force ever.
As Houstons mayor, I helped our area lead the nation in job growth.
Illegal immigration costs Georgia $2.4 billion a year
A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance under the new federal health care law.
Annexation would lead to overcrowding at Decaturs city schools.
Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries.
Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes.
When Trump wanted to turn a taxpayer-owned building into an $800 anight hotel, (Congressman Jeff Denham, R-CA) helped broker the deal and bragged about it.
Says Barack Obama counted on Sandy Adams to approve stimulus spending.
The Republican election platform was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil.
My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas.
Says over 1 million signatures were submitted in attempt to recall Gov. Scott Walker.
Says King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American.
Saysproposal to boostteacherpension fundputs no mandate on local government.
On whether he would put a missile shield in Poland.
Just days ago, Irans Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a rabid dog and accusing the United States of war crimes.
More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history.
As long as I have served . . . This is the first time every single solitary decision has required 60 senators.
Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
Says the United States has treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress.
President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone.
Says Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto out-of-state, unregulated private companies.
In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence.
Says Gov. Scott Walkers repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck.
Says cuts by Gov. Rick Perrys administration left 12,000 teachers without a job.
You cant read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty.
Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression.
SaysBernie Sanders voted for what we call the Charleston Loophole.
The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, was kind of a gravy train for lawyers.
When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.
Says Texas passed a state Dream Act before any other state.
Says that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election.
Says Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner.
Says Tennessees higher education funding model is 100 percent outcomes-based and we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business.
Says Bruce Starr voted to throw 6,000 Oregonians off unemployment.
During the Eisenhower Administration, not a single soldier died in combat.
Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.
Obamacare doesnt require members of Congress to abide by the same rules that all of the other Americans do.
After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law their mortality rate went down...it saved lives.
I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina.
Says Chris Abele has had five years and hes done nothing about the Estabrook Dam.
Says JoAnne Kloppenburg has told us she thinks its her job to promote a more equal society.
Says Alex Sinks plans for governor include $12.5 billion in new spending.
SaysGOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn wants to eliminate the Department of Education and jeopardize college fundingfor 320,000 Coloradans.
Says Marco Rubio was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it.
Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt.
Scott Walker to cut $300 million from universities, spend $500 million on a pro basketball stadium.
Embryonic stem cell research is at a dead end, with no one good example of a successful treatment.
Bernie Sanderss plan is to raise your taxes to 90 percent.
General Electric hasnt really created any jobs in this country, doesnt pay any taxes, and theyre making historic profits.
The 2009-11 state budget that Democrats approved left Wisconsin taxpayers $3.6 billion in debt.
New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by $17 billion every year and potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year.
The presidents own advisers have said theres a war on coal.
Stephen Zappala is the only DA in our state to convict an on-duty police officer of criminal homicide.
If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago.
Says Donald Trumps position isto roll back all of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.
Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
A proposed immigration bill will bankrupt Georgia if passed.
In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.
Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think youve made a mistake.
The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes.
In 67 different ways, Governor McCrory has raised taxes on middle income families.
We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
The federal government right now does not deport criminals.
Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnsons leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks.
Many state and federal agencies have such navigators involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion.
My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family.
As Florida secretary of state, Kurt Browning allowed 1,800 illegal voters to register in Florida.
NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq.
Both Cruz andRubio are missing the vast majority of their votes.
Cuba wants to let the Chinese drill in some of the very parts of the gulf that American producers are currently forbidden to touch, as close as 45 miles off the Florida coast.
Says in U.S. Congress, members dont even have to be on the floor for debates or votes.
University of Wisconsin Systems reserves are in the mid- to low-range of comparable university systems.
Since the stimulus package was passed, Ohios lost over 100,000 more jobs.
The health care numbers are going up.
Says Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result the deer population has dwindled.
More people have watched Morning Joe than CNN and HLN 5 years in a row.
Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community "first and foremost."
I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004.
On whether judges should be allowed to place children with gay couples who wish to adopt.
As the CEO of eBay, "Whitman started a separate division that only sells porn."
Says a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten a free ride so far from the media. Were the biggest ones supporting her campaign.
Planned Parenthood has now (been) found to also illegally sell baby parts.
The Obama administration was actively supporting Al Qaeda in Iraq, the terrorist group that became the Islamic State.
There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago.
Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
Regarding her State Department email practices, my predecessors did the same thing.
Says GOP U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin voted twice to end Medicare.
The median net worth of American households hasnt changed much over the past decades, its about $20,000 ... but Congress average median net worth has ballooned, more than doubled.
Says Hillary Clinton has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian ... refugees . . . despite the fact that theres no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from.
One of the other inaccuracies ...is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since Ive been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only.
During Lyndon B. Johnsons first 20 years in Congress, he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote.
Gov. Scott Walker received a $7,300 pay raise.
Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them.
80 percent of the American people havent gotten a pay raise since the crash.
The United States isfighting with Iraqis to defeat ISIS along with Iran. But in Yemen were fighting Iran with Iraqis and Saudis.
Says Hillary Clinton presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador.
Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohios jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes.
I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican.
Tim Kaine reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition...
Puerto Ricos $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds.
If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector.
Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America said it would ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia.
Says under his utility rate plan, An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills.
Since Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took office, we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades.
I havent really proposed (phasing out aid to Israel) in the past.
Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers.
Any Republican that has led for two months and led every state has won the GOP nomination.
Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith.
Under Obama, the national debt has been reduced every year for the last five years.
Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
Says Jim Frishe wanted to tax us for doing our taxes through an accountant.
The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely.
Rhode Island has the worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska.
Says that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
Its coming. Nobody can stop this train.
Says Texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax.
The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL.
We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners.
On a single night in January 2015, state and local planning agencies in Rhode Island reported the following estimates of homelessness 107 veterans were homeless.
Says President Barack Obama has amended, delayed, or repealed 19 components of his very own (health care) law.
$500 billion of the extension of the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy goes to 120,000 families.
According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates of the health care bill.
On drilling off the Atlantic coast
On supporting the Supreme Court abortion decision Roe v. Wade
When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
The Washington D.C.-area never has a recession.
Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor.
A private school tax break in the Wisconsin state budget is the most generous in the nation.
Says that Sen. Sherrod Brown is out there egging on a lot of these protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policemens cars at these protests on Wall Street and other places.
The health care law imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class.
As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies.
We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while Ive been governor.
The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.
Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
Saysthe State Department has had half a year to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper.
Says Hillary Clinton gave up 20 percent of Americas uranium supply to Russia.
You dont see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical.
[Federal] law says that you cant give in-state tuition to an illegal alien unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence.
Says Scott Walker runs a state government that bans employees from talking about climate change.
Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
Since parole abolition, Virginias crime rate has fallen to third lowest in the country, our recidivism rate is down 20 percent and thats the second lowest in the country.
The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those whove stopped looking for work, the unemployment rate actually went up last month to 13.5 percent.
When the auto industry was going under, car parts companies like Johnson Controls begged taxpayers for a bailout, and they got one.
Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
Says Wendys founder Dave Thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax.
Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools.
Says Russ Feingold got paid $8,000 a lecture at Stanford University.
The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
Says new GOP Wisconsin Assembly members voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private Milwaukee voucher schools.
Says Tom Barrett voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles.
Says Scott Walker favors cutting up to 350,000 families and children off health care.
700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd voted for the health care bill.
Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children.
Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel.
Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling.
In Georgia, hard-earned lottery dollars are doled out to the scion[s] of wealthy families.
[The] ACLU and atheists in Denver are demanding the NFL stop [Tim Tebow] from praying on the sidelines.
Expanding Medicaid would create 63k jobs.
Following the 2009 session, Texas House Speaker Joe Straus was acknowledged and thanked for his tireless efforts by Planned Parenthood, the nations premier abortion provider.
Says Connie Mack wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district.
After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped.
He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service.
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country.
Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families.
Everyone in this country has access to health care.
Oregon is the most trade-dependent state in the nation
Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled.
Says Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has paid to export throughout the world Wahhabism -- an extreme form of Islam that basically teaches Americans are the devil.
Republican Mark Kirk is outsourcing his campaign to a Super PAC funded almost exclusively by a bunch of hedge fund billionaires. ...I dont have a Super PAC.
The state Legislature attempted to "outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."
China is going to have twice the number of submarines we have in just over a decade.
The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6.
Sherrod Brown has stood side by side with President Barack Obama, presiding over the most rapid increase in the debt over the last 2.5 years and hurtling toward the worst jobs record in the modern era.
I dont own a single stock or bond I have no savings accounts.
In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock.
Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes and is a deadbeat citizen.
The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit.
In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker.
F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bushs leadership.
The states tax burden has, according to census figures released today, cost our state another 190,000 residents in 2009.
If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country.
Gov. Rick Perry spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month.
We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.
On a timetable to withdraw from Iraq.
Dolphins are rapists. Look it up.
Says campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.
When each faced a pension funding crisis, Tom Barrett made tough choices and smart cuts while Scott Walker passed $400 million in pension debt to the next generation.
Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson says hell do away with Medicare.
Says Donald Trump has outlined policies that read like a Kremlin wish list.
Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama.
Says that all those who do not answer directly to the president, theyve said (repealing Dont Ask, Dont Tell) is a terrible idea.
As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs.
I have a very conservative voting record.
The state budget proposal has been submitted on time and [its] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades.
American colleges amount to a cartel.
The actions Im taking are the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century.
Nearly 2,000 high schools - roughly 12 percent of all secondary schools in the United States - produce about half of the nations dropouts.
Wisconsins Supreme Court justices are deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to.
Wisconsins effective unemployment rate is 20 percent.
Secretary of State A. Ralph Mollis wrongly takes credit for small-business program
Says unions call Obamacare bad for workers.
We have been focusing so much, especially the Texas Department of Transportation, on that 97 percent of people in single-occupancy vehicles.
Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support.
Sixty percent of the auto thefts that we have in (St. Petersburg) are caused by people leaving their keys in the car.
Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because theres been such a growth of income among the highest earners.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker doesnt make his calendar public -- hes on our dime and we dont know where he is.
When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years.
I campaigned on (the proposals in the budget repair bill for Wisconsin) all throughout the election. Anybody who says they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years.
71% of WIs roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 14% of WIs bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.
Most military experts say there is anywhere between 25 and 30 members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it.
The highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent.
Said that his batting average with Congress is higher than every other president since Dwight D. Eisenhower except Lyndon Johnson.
Fleeing Syria, a million children are now refugees.
The state of New York is the worst in the nation in economic recovery.
An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK.
Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence.
All Aboard Florida is receiving millions in Florida taxpayer dollars.
76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
Texas Governor Rick Perrys voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters.
On support for U.S. Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare reform plan
SaysGary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system.
We have that program where immigrants come here and they have to bring a million dollars in order to get a green card if theyre going to create jobs.
When did the decline of coal start? It started when natural gas took off that started to begin in (President George W.) Bushs administration.
President Barack Obama supports immigration amnesty.
College tuition costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats.
Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
Says New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country.
Says his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress.
Says Barack Obama said, If we keep talking about the economy, were going to lose.
(Romney's) record was that he raised taxes by $730-million.
Since President Obama took full control of Washington every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost.
The president is advocating a drone strike program in America.
When the Constitution was written, (only) 20 to 25 percent of the people in the country could vote.
Says less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw a benefit from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges.
On the coal industry
Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.
70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path.
Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce.
Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws, candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsins state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers.
Hospitals have already begun layoffs, a direct result of Republican inaction on Medicaid expansion.
The most realistic estimates for jobs created by Keystone XL are maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline.
Some 20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions as a result of political favoritism and backroom deals.
14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.
Says most illegal immigrants draw welfare benefits, theyre sending their kids to school, theyre using the public services.
Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world.
Says Gov. Scott Walker is openly backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions by at least a third for current and retired public employees
On President Barack Obamas stimulus
The new health care law will force seniors into Barack Obamas government-run health care program.
When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it.
Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago.
While Rob Portman relies on his super PAC and a handful of billionaires to do his dirty work, we dont have a super PAC, and quite frankly, we dont want one that spends millions to spew out lies and distortions.
Its estimated we leave somewhere north of $350 billion a year - thats billion - a year on the table uncollected because IRS doesnt have the resources.
Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans.
Says he has supported George Bush more than I have Barack Obama.
Weve had examples like in Yuma County, where weve been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish.
Homeopathy, acupuncture and aromatherapy have been given elevated legitimacy under the Affordable Care Act.
Regarding the USA Freedom Act, There is nothing we are allowed to do under this bill that we could not do before.
The McCain campaign "did not elaborate" on Obama's ties to ACORN.
Says she has opposed measures to weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street regulatory bill and campaign-finance legislation when they were offered as stand-alone bills.
Says that according to many reports and even our own data, the state of Texas spent more through Medicaid on orthodontia than all other states combined.
Rick Perry is taking money away from hurricane victims and diverting it to remodel the Governors Mansion.
Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And theyll cost less thanks to John Kasichs tax cut.
Study after study have shown that sanctuary cities do not lead to an increase in crime because of the presence of people that are undocumented.
I helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate.
Says Thom Tillis has cut $500 million from public education.
Student loans from the federal government issued between 2007 and 2012 are on target to produce $66 billion in profits for the United States government.
The Democratic health care bill will "collect higher taxes for 10 years and provide health care for only six years."
Under Randi Shade, Austin has had the highest cost of living of any large Texas city.
Blue Cross new $90-million Providence headquarters "was outfitted with $25 million in decor."
Says Israel profiles based on ethnicity and does it very successfully.
The goal of Common Core is to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs.
There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now.
I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.
We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth.
Tom Barrett voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security.
Says library district would come at no direct cost to the city budget.
The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide.
Says that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door had no responsibility in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer.
Says the Beaumont school districts superintendent is the highest-paid in the state.
Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
Says that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth.
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting.
If the U.S. didnt borrow $1.2 trillion every year to fund government operations, that money would be available for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating jobs and building and expanding their businesses.
Says we have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000.
Says Barack Obama had huge majorities in Congress during his first two years in office and did nothing with them to create jobs in America.
Says Bill Whites program to bring dropouts back to school was so successful that almost every city in our state has replicated it.
In the 1980s, The lowest income people had the biggest gains.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms.
Says Hillary Clinton has not answered a single question about her immigration plan.
Says IBM leader told Obama that using IBM technology to cut fraud could pay for health care reform.
States with the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates.
The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million.
Says Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes.
Says Steve Spinnett has court judgments against him for trespass and harassment.
The governor having a meeting ... isnt covered by the open meetings act.
Says Hillary Clintons health care plan from the 1990s had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision.
Says Barbara Buono voted to raise her own pay 40 percent.
McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
Says Donald Trump was forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times.
In the 2011 legislative session, DEQs budget was cut 18.5 percent a disproportionate cut compared to other natural resource agencies.
The sequester wont consider whether were cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesnt make those distinctions.
Says Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education
For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps.
The Public Employee Retirement System is making more millionaires than the Oregon state lottery.
Says that even if his budget is adopted, private schools in the choice program would be getting about half the per-pupil funds that public schools receive
On the Iran nuclear deal
Weve just now given over $100 billion to Iran, the equivalent in U.S. terms is $5 trillion.
In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama "has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."
We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion.
Says Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, directly contrary to Floridas Constitution.
Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times
Says if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get $150 billion.
John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
Says President Barack Obama was responsible for the assassination of at least four American citizens in drone strikes.
Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men.
If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today.
Thats legal: If you find out about somebody elses salary even if youre doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places.
Americans "have never paid more for gas at the pump."
The mayor said 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here. We want you here. We'll protect you here.' 
Says in regard to providing more tax cuts for the rich, Bill Pascrell said, Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas.
1 in 4 Rhode Islanders under the age of 65 does not have health insurance.
Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one.
Some doctors say Ebola can be transmitted through the air by a sneeze or some cough.
Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward.
Its illegal for a state to say were simply going to cut off (union contract) negotiations. Theres a legal requirement that you are involved in good faith bargaining.
State Medicaid expansion will save our treasury $1 billion over the next eight years.
Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation.
In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public.
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence denies that theres such a thing as evolution.
The city of Atlanta ranks 25th among U.S. cities with the highest crime rates.
As governor of Massachusetts, Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent.
Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood.
In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change.
Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.
Says Alison Lundergan Grimes supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors Medicare.
The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads.
I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that.
We are the poster child for compliance, and whenever we discover possible infractions we resolve and report it to the NCAA no matter how minor the violations.
David Perdue supports Common Core
I have had to fill out FEC reports for the past six years now, and theyre much more detailed than a tax return...
Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
The (border) fence is now basically complete.
Says Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards.
The only budget Ted Cruz ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it.
There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.
There havent been tax cuts for the rich in Rhode Island.
Nevada lawmakers permanently cut taxes for over 95 percent of Nevadas businesses.
The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor.
We get practically nothing compared to the cost of keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea.
Says Mike Coffman is with Trump.
Said they reached a power-sharing agreement with Republican Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle
The federal limousine fleet has increased by 42 percent since Barack Obama took office.
Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romneys) plan in Massachusetts.
Says Oregon is near the top or at the top of the list when it comes to capital gains tax
If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give "Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."
Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.
Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase.
The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million.
Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
Were not engaged in nation-building in Afghanistan.
Mitt Romney did not endorse Ted Cruz, even though he said he is voting for Cruz and urged others to do likewise.
Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests including foreign corporations to spend without limit in our elections.
Says Ron Johnson has essentially done nothing to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse.
Its hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when theres opposition.
The head of the FBI has told Congress they cannot vet those (Syrian) refugees.
The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan.
There are no earmarks in the stimulus bill.
Georgias unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
Two thirds of the people in Wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away peoples rights to collective bargaining.
Says Planned Parenthood provides about 140 visits for prenatal care in each state.
The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks.
In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate.
The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create special protection for pedophiles.
Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional.
A quarter of our workers make $18,000 per year.
State pension fund staffers lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses.
I have never lobbied for offshore oil drilling.
Says about 100,000 kids in this country leave their home state and go to another state to be educated. Out of that 100,000 young people, 30,000 of them are from New Jersey, by far the largest amount.
Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded.
Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now.
Says Connie Mack initially said he would have voted yes for the Paul Ryan budget plan, and then, you said it was stupid and you would vote no. And then your folks corrected you, and you changed your position again, yes.
Protesters caused $7.5 million in damage to the Wisconsin State House
Obama voted for "tax subsidies and giveways" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources.
The United States has seen a net loss of people with health insurance because of Obamacare.
Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law.
The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000.
The only growth sector that weve had in the last two years in America is government growth.
I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before.
A new Rasmussen poll shows people "oppose (Sotomayor's) confirmation. Only 37 percent support it."
Says an election clerk in Green Bay refused to allow early voting on the UW-Green Bay campus because she was afraid it would help Democrats, showing outrageous partisan bias.
Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting traditional marriage and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
Im running the second-largest county district attorneys office at 1985 staffing levels.
Says President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isnt a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax.
Seven of the 10 school districts with the lowest graduation rate for African-American boys in the country are in Florida.
Says Did you know that if you accepted the Districts proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect.
In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each.
There have been at least 100 shootings each year [Angel Taveras] has been mayor of Providence.
Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa.
Says Howard Zinn, an anti-American Marxist, wrote the most popular textbook thats taught in our high schools in America.
President Obamas health care law says when you sell your house now you have to pay a 3.8 percent tax.
The minimum wage is lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office.
Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum.
Every major newspaper in Texas calls David Dewhurst a moderate.
Says Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse cures and treatments that no health agency supports.
Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks.
Greg Abbott said it would be a waste to expand pre-k to all Texas children.
The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06.
We had an agreement that the president could have signed that would have kept 10,000 troops in Iraq.
We werent told they wanted more security for diplomatic facilities in Libya.
Says Barack Obama knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance.
Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because they just throw more people into the jail system.
92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obamas first term belonged to women.
We have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day.
Says a 1915 referendum on womens right to vote went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it.
Another great endorsement! Barrow Journal explains the difference between me and Jody Hice.
Says that in Curry County, if you make a 911 call youre likely to wait for an hour for a response.
Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!
Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if theyve been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
There was just about zero press coverage of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.
Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.
Says student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1.
A proposed San Antonio ordinance will allow men into womens restrooms in the city.
No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State
Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years.
Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags.
Charlie Crist signed into law an automatic 15 percent annual tuition increase that put college further out of reach for many Floridians.
This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent.
Says Jeb Bush doesnt believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does.
We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012 with more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill.
Scott Walker has even removed the 250,000 jobs promise from his website.
Says Mitt Romneys carried interest income was a tax trick.
The Broward Republican Executive Committee had the liberal League of Women Voters Guide removed from the Broward Supervisor of Elections website.
We have a goal of 10 percent of [City of Providence] contracts going to women and minority businesses. In reality, less than 1 percent of contracts go to women and minority businesses.
As a percentage of gross domestic product, we are reducing nondefense discretionary spending to its lowest level since the '60s, lower than it was under Reagan, lower than it was under Clinton, lower than it was under Bush, or both Bushes.
George LeMieux voted against the majority of Republicans and joined with Democrats to create a Task Force For Responsible Fiscal Action that looks strikingly similar to the Super Committee now being set up in Washington to justify massive tax hikes.
Says when she helped get $15 billion more for veterans care, Kucinich voted No.
Ted Cruz was the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas.
Its possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obamas 2008 victory in North Carolina.
In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city.
Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
Illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over $3 billion every year.
Weve created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined.
The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned.
Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks as the most liberal member of the House.
A report in Navy Times said that 7.3 percent of Army, Navy and Marines have thought about attempting suicide.
Says A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S.
In the past year, DeKalb has attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs.
95 percent of the worlds customers are beyond our shores.
Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income.
Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
Obamas position on nuclear arms is a march toward global zero.
We havent had control of the House for the last two years and its been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49.
Lady Gaga announced she would cover her face until Trump gets fired from office.
Veterans unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office.
Says scientists predict sometime in the future, an event that will kill somewhere between 80 and 90 million people.
In 2010, uninsured voters made up about 5 percent of the electorate.
Scott Maddox has run "losing campaigns for 3 of Florida's 4 available cabinet positions."
Barack Obamas Columbia University ID says he was a foreign student and went by Barry Soetoro.
Says your Legislative Assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into Oregon law.
Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor.
Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families.
My "border security efforts have led to a 60 percent decrease in border crime."
The United States is number 14, number 15 in college graduation rates, and were leading the world in high school dropout rates.
I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking trash and turning it into cash.
We need to pass a carbon tax to stop climate change. Break up the Wall Street banks. And stop the government spying on innocent Americans. Cory Booker doesnt support any of these ideas.
Gov. (Rick) Perry helped balance his budget with about $6 billion worth of federal help, which he happily took, and then started blaming the members of Congress who had offered that help.
Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent.
Under Cuccinellis tax cut plan, school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers.
Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment.
Newt balanced the federal budget.
It is wrong for the average federal worker today to make more than $100,000 while the average private-sector worker makes less than $70,000.
Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states.
Because of Obamacare peoples premiums ...are going up 35, 45, 55 percent.
In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give unlimited contributions to political parties, but business cant give any.
Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, one-quarter are Floridians.
The University of Florida announced this past week that it was dropping its computer science department ... Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $97.7 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year.
Says Lamar Smith sponsored the bill that funded Obamacare.
My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagans numbers were with Jimmy Carter.
Im beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot.
President Obama has increased the federal workforce 192,000 individuals -- about 10 percent since hes taken office -- while weve lost 2 million jobs.
Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan promised to end health care for our seniors.
We just fought a Republican budget that ends Medicare as we know it.
Obama "basically threatened to bomb Pakistan."
Says he never donates to Democrats while Paul Workman contributes to Democrat Kirk Watson and other Democrats running against Republicans.
The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire because its increased costs for employers.
There were more people on welfare than working in 2013.
Common Core means there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you.
Says Ron Johnson opposes entirely a federal minimum wage, except perhaps for guest workers.
John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government.
Solar and wind energy are both cheaper than nuclear right now.
Says when I voted against [an increase in the minimum wage], it was in the 80s.
On Common Core education standards
You cant check out a library book without a photo ID.
I didn't say it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
Says Gary Farmers claim that he received an A from the NRA is an absolute lie.
Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves.
Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.
A Houston school district analysis found that the (State Board of Education) more than quadrupled the number of historical figures students must learn about.
Next year, you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs.
Says Romney tax plan could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition.
According to independent experts, Donald Trumps tax plan would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy.
Right now, we only keep 50 percent of Georgia Techs graduates.
Florida ranks "45th out of 50 states'' for its regulatory climate for business.
The United States won every major battle of the Vietnam War. Every single one.
I have askedtheDivision of Emergency Management toreport directly to me.
Since Corey Stewart became chairman in November 2006, unemployment is up 150% and average home price sales are down $150,000.
Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida.
President Barack Obamas policies have resulted in gas prices being reduced from $3.07 per gallon when he was sworn in in 2009 to $2.30 today.
Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $100 billion... every year.
On legalizing illegal immigrants.
Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, "The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."
Betty Sutton gutted Medicare by $500 billion with her vote for the presidents health care bill.
When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position.
Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasnt mandatory.
Republicans went out of the way to praise (Eric) Holders nomination. ... Not a single Republican senator opposed Eric Holders nomination.
Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed.
Over the last 20 years, the world has changed. It used to be that one could make a career out of working for one company. Today, the average worker stays at his or her job for barely four years.
Says Bernie Sanders was against the auto bailout and voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry.
One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant.
The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years.
Says the U.S. Senate has passed a budget over the last three years called the Budget Control Act.
More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
(Jeff) Atwaters bank was so weak that just a few months ago it was shut down by the FDIC.
Says Rep. Charlie Bass, R-NH voted to raise his own pay eight times
Says someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his 9-9-9 plan than under the current tax system.
The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year.
The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country without Medicare.
The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that.
Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined.
Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company.
We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
Without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers, there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management.
Say Bernie Sanders won Nevada after all.
Bill McCollum diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources.
While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free.
Sherrod Brown has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time.
Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied by Hillary Clintons State Department.
Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it, but under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country, theyve been deported.
I dont know who (Jonathan Gruber) is.
Donald Trumps strategy is pretty simple. They have even said in his campaign its to get women to stay home, get young people to stay home, get people of color to stay home, and get a lot smart, intelligent men to stay home, too.
That 59 divisions in Philly had no votes for Romney in 2012 is (a) mathematical and statistical impossibility.
Nevada will be energy independent within the immediate future.
1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career.
Says Hillary Clinton has spoken such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to get nuclear weapons. Give me a break.
Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared.
After Arizona banned smoking in all public places in 2007, admissions for acute myocardial infarction stroke, asthma, [and] angina decreased following the implementation of the ban.
Says a Canadian provincial prime minister came to Ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in Canadian health care which would have endangered his life.
Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008.
Wisconsins 6th congressional district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other in the nation.
Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration.
We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history.
Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East.
Says her accomplishments include a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending.
Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers.
Sheriffs Call For Obamas Lynching While Leader Meets With GOP Senators
Blue Cross headquarters has "a $30,000 granite table."
There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
Top U.S. intelligence officials have toldevery member of Congress, including the president, were about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq.
In 2006, Bernie Sanders voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants.
The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy.
44% of homeless people are employed.
Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while theyre paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores.
Del. Ben Chafin took money away from Southwest Virginia schools while votingto build a politicians palace.
Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.
All legislative mail, from the content to the timing, is approved by the speakers office.
Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies among 15- to 19-year-olds.
For the first time in history, the share of the national popular vote margin is smaller than the Latino vote margin.
Weve got the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Harvard Study Finds States With Most Gun Laws Have Fewest Gun Deaths.
Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
Rhode Islands legislature is the strongest in the country.
Says she is saving ratepayers $6 million/year.
Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015.
No one in the private sector gets unlimited accruals of vacation and sick leave.
Repealing the health care law would save $95 billion in 2016.
Kendrick Meek was #1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for childrens health care.
There is more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world the first time thats happened in nearly 20 years.
Says that in 2007, Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes.
There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure.
Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creatingposts related in any way to religion.
McCain opposes repeal of the death tax.
It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs.
Bush's tax cuts for high earners have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit.
Russia has tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads 1,800, by the way where they expanded, and we didnt.
Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
Were importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. Were Americas Dairyland, but yet we dont have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers.
Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
Says Florida didnt offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida.
According to the CDC, 110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness.
Most Americans are now getting their news from Facebook.
Wisconsins pension system is the only one fully funded in the country.
Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly discovered provisions in state law.
Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas.
Says Marco Rubio would take away a womans right to choose for victims of rape or incest.
Says Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas.
Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said it had to be between a man and a woman.
Says Hillary Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and appeared wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury.
Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.
More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector.
Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions.
Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription.
Says Chris Christie was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney.
Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a confederacy of fools for electing Barack Obama.
Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsins finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year.
More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
This year, the federal government will have more revenue than any year in the history of our country.
Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
(McCain) says "we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."
We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country.
In New York City, an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher.
Savings that I achieved helped fund cameras on the border. As a result, more than 21,500 arrests have been made and 46 tons of narcotics confiscated.
A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.
The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed.
99.97 percent of the kids live in poverty that attend Cleveland public schools.
In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
Says Hillary Clinton said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, thats not true.
Forty percent of illegal immigrants are people coming legally on visas and overstaying their visas.
The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country.
Says Romney and Ryan both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest.
The City of Milwaukee uses the building inspection area as a revenue base.
Says unemployment would be at 10 percent if people who have quit looking for work were included in federal labor force calculations.
So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s.
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail.
Says only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers.
Says Donald Trump says organized crime runs wild on reservations.
The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.
It was (Rob Portmans) job to stop Chinas illegal dumping of steel. He failed, looked the other way, did nothing.
What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt.
The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores.
Fifty percent of kids coming out of school cant get a job.
The debt comes up all the time in town meetings ... but its never asked in the debates. Its really weird. It hasnt been brought up.
Ive shut down pill mills.
Under the new health care law, the first person (a) patient has to go to is a bureaucrat. That is called a panel.
The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Langevin has been the most reliable vote for Speaker Pelosi.
Rubio's tax swap proposal "would have been a massive tax increase."
Hillary's baby bond proposal would give $5,000 to each of the 4-million babies born in the U.S. each year, totaling $20-billion per year, multiplied by four years = $80-billion.
The law says ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he says and then deal with it later.
During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times.
Says Kurt Schrader cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregons middle-class families and small businesses.
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
Says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America.
The conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit murder.
The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die.
Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted to cut off Floridas veterans and their benefits.
Planned Parenthood is the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, thats their health care.
Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger believed that people like me should be eliminated.
Redistribution has never been a characteristic of America.
I had to lay off 48 people last year, which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls.
While Mandels been busy traveling the country raising campaign money, he hasnt shown up for work.
Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP.
The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him.
In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers.
Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.
Seventy bills [Kendrick Meek] authored, not one of them has passed.
Since 1978, college tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation.
The DREAM Act was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadnt changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics.
According to a recent poll, there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents (health insurance) plans than young Democrats.
Says Ted Cruz is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this country illegally and proposed giving them work permits.
The Atlanta Braves are the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America.
In the period from 2007 to 2011, the Office of Health Insurance Commissioner reported an 18 percent decline in the states total medical spending.
Says Ann Kuster said the debate over Americas debt limit is not an important issue of the day.
Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt.
Rhode Islands voter identification law was pushed by a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. Thats a fact.
Human activity is not causing these dramatic changes to our climate.
The Democrats propose a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage.
At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt.
Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas marriage ban later this year.
Says U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are at 20-year lows.
In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready.
Says Rick Santorum voted to let convicted felons vote.
Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesnt have health insurance -- they can go to the hospital and get free care.
Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, can be formed in the twinkling of an eye.
if the Agreement goes into effect, the millions of Mexican citizens who will become eligible for Social Security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protection against cuts than U.S. citizens!
Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade.
Says recall organizers started their website last November and began work on their effort before he even took office.
On repealing the 17th Amendment
The Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail Transit Project has created 1,525 direct jobs as of June 11, 2012.
Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade.
The reality is that we have roughly 15,000 undocumented immigrants living in the state...
North Carolina spent almost as much as it spends on government rape crisis programs in a year to convene a special session for HB2.
The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget.
SaysVirginia RepublicanScott Taylor has been convicted in at least four different courts across the country, at times failing to even appear, and having a warrant issued for his arrest.
An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds.
SaysJeb Bush significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election.
Says the reforms in state Issue 2 will save taxpayer dollars
Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hubs treasure trove of personal info.
Abraham Lincoln visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber.
Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture commissioner.
In his very first budget, (Milwaukee) Mayor Tom Barrett broke his pledge to keep a lid on property taxes and has continued increasing taxes and fees ever since.
Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidateTerri Lynn Land said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea.
Were already seeing bakers and florists and photographers forced to participate in same-sex marriages under the threat of law and in some cases even jail.
Says David Rivera received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading.
Thirty-seven percent of Central Falls retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions; in most municipalities, about 5 percent of retirees collect disability pensions.
Over half of the foreign-born population in Rhode Island is white.
There is great disparity, tremendous disparity, in the (capital) funding on a per-student basis between our traditional public schools and our charter public schools.
Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is a constituent of mine.
The United States accounted for 26 percent of worldwide military spending during the Cold War, but now accounts for 41 percent.
A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army.
Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building.
Says U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson is opposed to all government-assisted student loans.
Says Jeanne Shaheen voted to pave the way for a new national energy tax.
Says shes tried over 100 jury cases in Travis County courts.
Under the Hate Crimes bill, "any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."
Says Marco Rubio wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare because he said theyre bankrupting our country.
University of Texas students signed a petition seeking the legal right to abort newborn babies up to five-years-old.
I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ...
The Iranians continue in the view of every objective observer continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons.
Neighborhoods have become more violentunder President Barack Obamas watch.
The economic turnaround started at the end of my term.
Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country entered the U.S. legally and overstayed their visa.
In North Carolina, now were near the national average for unemployment.
There have been 30 published polls in this election cycle and Harry Reids been trailing in every single one.
You dont know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s.
In a period of roughly 72 hours, a small group of angry black students managed to force the resignation of the two highest ranking officials at that school.
ISIS is right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees.
Elena Kagan is a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through.
Harris County, Texas has some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world.
Emails released to the public show Hillary Clinton discussed the location of Ambassador Stevens, who of course was murdered, in Libya.
The United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the free world.
Says the Annies List political group supports third-trimester abortions on demand.
I spent 18 months putting together the sanctions against Iran so that we could force them to the negotiating table.
And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001.
No Republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. These taxes were all passed under Obamacare.
The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.
On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was a step forward for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagans defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War.
Says Hillary Clinton wonhealth care for 8 million children.
A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies.
The problem with invasive species today in the Great Lakes isnt ballast water.
Every president has raised the debt ceiling.
In Virginias Medicaid program, approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies.
Milwaukee has seen an uptick in violence since 2010, and the only period of calm we get is when winter sets in.
Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deals budgets but accuses the governor of underfunding education.
Most funding for tuberculosis research (is) provided by the U.S. National Institutes for Health.
The STAR Ohio fund just received the highest possible credit rating one of these funds can receive.
Every 28 hours an unarmed black person is shot by a cop.
You know our current president is (Muslim). You know hes not even an American.
Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year.
Says Connie Mack IV co-sponsored a bill to take a third of the Social Security Trust Fund ... give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens, who then were to invest it in the stock market.
There have been seven investigations (of Benghazi) led mostly by Republicans in the Congress that concluded nobody did anything wrong, but there were changes we could make.
Due to a flaw in the 1995 Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act numerous oil companies are now drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in federal lands and paying no royalties to the federal government.
Says President Barack Obama has not raised taxes.
The Obama administration manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the Border Patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the Bush administration.
Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day.
During the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person.
Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). Weve got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times.
Texas children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching.
Giving money to politicians has paid off for Paul Workman. Workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects.
When the mayor of Providences brother wrote over 100 grand in bad checks to the city, Joe Fernandez didnt have the guts to prosecute him. He let him off the hook.
Theres now been three independent investigations (into the bridge scandal) all of which have said that Christie did not have prior knowledge of or involvement in the lane closures.
Members of Congress "have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression," meaning they've gone "eight decades without a pay cut."
Says President Barack Obama failed to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission.
(I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare.
Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
For the cost of the Iraq War we couldve ended world hunger for 30 years.
75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy.
Says while serving in the city council, Rachel Zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer-funded junket to China.
The InterLink at T.F. Green Airport is the closest air-rail link in the country.
Currently, it takes up to 25 years to obtain U.S. citizenship legally but the Senate bill would allow immigrants who came to the United States illegally to obtain citizenship in just 13 years.
A couple retiring today will pay about $119,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and receive about $357,000 in lifetime Medicare benefits. ... about 3 bucks in benefits for every dollar in taxes.
The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
Obama "voted for and even sponsored amendments that were intended to kill the (immigration overhaul) legislation."
The governors not taking his own fiscal advice. ... In the first fiscal quarter of this year, weve seen a 13.5 percent increase in spending, double-digit spending out of the executive branch in the State of Texas.
Without Westside MAX, wed need to add 2.9 lanes to the Sunset Highway.
Says a 9-year-old girl was recently raped in Austin, Texas, by a guy previously caught four times and released.
Says Vladimir Putin said, President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy.
A New York imam wants tohave a mosque at Ground Zero.
There have been at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border.
Were paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, to house children in state custody
I was one of the few, very few, who voted `no on the Iran deal.
Says Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
Richmond is the most vegan-friendly city.
On whether he wrote a provision that allowed AIG to dole out bonuses.
North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation.
(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee.
Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion.
Says Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards was forced to concede that 86 percent of Planned Parenthoods revenue is from abortion.
Say Apples Tim Cook will not do business with Indiana.
Russ Feingold has not worked anywhere outside of politics.
In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind.
Says Hillary Clinton helped get done the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
Sen. Barbara Boxer voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work.
The path to ObamaCare becoming law all started with Charlie Crist supporting President Obama's $787 billion stimulus.
Says a Portland school gives Muslim students their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs, and lets them out of class five times a day to pray to Allah.
Says Hillary Clinton doesnt believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense.
On charging a toll for motorists to use Ga. 400 after it was slated to expire
For [GM] to pay back everything it owes, it would have to sell its shares at $143 a share . . . where the highest value of a General Motors share ever was $43, $44, $46, whatever the dollars were . . .
The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity.
Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israelfor (the) election.
Says Texas legislators in 2011 increased state spending on education.
In a sweetheart deal members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges.
More people were killed by terrorists in 2015 than in any other year ever, after an 80 percentincrease from 2014.
Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, theyre virtually the same.
Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15-million Americans out."
Says Jon Corzine gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, I will fight to get you a great contract.
Everything I have said (on the campaign trail) has been factually accurate.
On oil drilling off Virginias coast.
Says he helped to draft parts of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform bill.
In Arizona, there are only one and a half (Border Patrol) agents per every 10 square miles.
Says President Obama has grown the federal government payroll by 141,000 workers and wants to add 125,000 more.
Polls show that 96 percent of New Jerseyans and 95 percent of gun households in the state support expanding background checks to keep guns away from those who shouldnt have them.
When I was fighting against cap and trade, the speaker was sitting down with Nancy Pelosi on a sofa encouraging it.
In Massachusetts, half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients.
Says Donald Trump has defended World War II internment camps.
Says Ronald Reagan reversed his worlds largest tax cut and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations.
Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it.
Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
Every one of more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation.
Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office
Charlie Crists personal approval numbers are plummeting.
The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators.
Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken an hour and 15 minutes longer to carry passengers across Ohio than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935.
Says she couldn't take stimulus money because it required "universal building codes."
Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this.
Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders.
Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership.
SaysBernie Sanders has reversed his position on immunity for gun manufacturers and sellers.
Michelle Nunn spent most of her childhood in Perry, Ga.
On the economic stimulus.
Republican leaders said "no" to "tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."
Ive taken on the federal government and won.
Mark Warner voted for nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt.
I sponsored the new Buy American law
Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal explicitly voted to fund abortions ...
Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you.
Says Gov. Rick Perry was for Wall Street bailout before he was against it.
Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a liberal who voted with Nancy Pelosi to fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes and to regulate the sale of firearms.
Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
Ch Guevara wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent.
Because of the new health care law, Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes.
Says he has been able to attract independents and Democrats to win elections in Pennsylvania.
I vetoed more than $3 billion in spending. Lawmakers and I cut taxes for 40,000 small businesses. Now Texas is No. 1 in job creation. The nations five best housing markets are right here in Texas. We balanced five state budgets and we cut state spending.
If we got solar energy from an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year.
Says federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years.
Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?
Georgia spends fewer tourism advertising dollars than any other state in the South.
Governing magazine has estimated that in the states that dont expand Medicaid, a minimum, they said of 40 percent of rural hospitals will close in those states...
The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day.
Amanda Murphy has two vacation homes around the world.
New Jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade.
Says under Mitt Romney, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation.
Sen. McConnell says its not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky.
Jeff Weems legal record is one of defending BP, Enron and just about every big oil company against the working man.
A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.
In the year 2013, the Obama administration released 104,000 criminal illegal aliens. They released 196 murderers people with homicide convictions, who are here illegally.
When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office.
In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier.
Says Chris Christie inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region.
Two-thirds of Wisconsinites receiving unemployment checks are not required to search for work due to current work search exemptions.
On the Cuba embargo.
Seven out of the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates (have) Republican governors That approach that Republicans are using is working.
Says the difference between her and Barack Obama is "about 35 years of experience."
Earmarked dollars have doubled just since 2000, and more than tripled in the last 10 years.
Siemens has been unable to fill approximately 200 skilled trade positions in metro Atlanta.
Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states.
Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high in 2010.
Hillary Clinton says she wants to, raise taxes on the middle class.
We have cut our deficits by almost three-quarters.
Mike Madigan made a fortune on tax appeals Saving his friends millions... Its an inside game played by people like Merry Marwig, Madigans hand-picked candidate. When Marwig thought her property taxes were too high she got them lowered at your expense. Saved so much she did it again. Marwig and Madigan: Profiting from the same corrupt system.
Says he holds the record for most appearances on Meet the Press.
Were at the point of reaching 2 million deportations ...this is a historic level, more than any other president of the United States.
SaysHillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment.
Says Jeb Bush not only opposes marriage equality, hes said he personally believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children.
If Wisconsins governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector counterparts.
Every time somebody new gets the Ebola virus, it mutates.
When I go on Letterman the ratings go up.
There is currently no ability to vet these people, referring to Syrian refugees.
For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele.
After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas.
For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built.
Under President Obamas health-care reforms, the premium for an average plan for a family didnt go down by $2,500 per year, its gone up about $2,500 per year.
Says Rick Scott didnt even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week.
John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops.
Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years.
Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration.
Lindsay Parkhurst wants to take away programs like Social Security and Medicare that seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes.
San Antonio has seen 67% growth in water customers in the last 25 years, 0% more water used.
Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status has no effect on the contracts or the citys diversity goals.
Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas.
Says U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher breaks earmark pledge.
In 1972, we had a 179,000 human beings in jail in this country. Today, it's 2.3-million, and 70 percent of them are black, African-American.
The United States does not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S.
Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
In my attorney generals office, weve cut the budget 18 percent.
There is no Plan B if the transportation referendum is not passed by voters.
Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit.
In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined.
We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care.
Mitt Romney wants "to set a date for withdrawal" from Iraq.
He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that hes been in the United States Senate.
What happens is people like Warren Buffett and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right.
Virtually no Republican in Washington accepts climate change science.
President Obama budget request for veterans ismore than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third.
Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
Texas state Reps. Dan Branch and Jim Pitts, lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus, are helping Democrat Ellen Cohen against her Republican challenger, doing events with her in her district.
Says Donald Trumps Make America Great Againhats were made in China.
A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data.
The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty.
From 2010-2014, median household income in Wisconsin has actually gone up 7.4 percent.
Congressman McCollum voted to dismantle Social Security.
Under Obamacare, people who have a doctor theyve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they wont be able to keep going to that doctor.
The CDC is spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy that could be redirected to Ebola.
For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes.
Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the states residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
The polling shows over and over again that, unlike Donald Trump, that with me as the nominee, we beat Hillary Clinton.
We spent $223-million on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it.
One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.
One Texas city has a law that says that women can only have six dildos.
Says North Carolina is home of the largest military installations in the world.
Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
Says states that passed anti-illegal-immigrant legislation also had few Hispanic legislators.
Almost 1,000 people a day are moving to Florida because they are more free here than they are in some other states.
60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.
School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new nationwide Muslim outreach program announced by President Barack Obama.
Mitt Romney has "a pro-choice record."
With Obamacare,You have no options ..you cant get competitive bidding.
In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm.
More than three-quarters of the oil is gone.
Says that when Republicans held Congress and the presidency, they doubled the size of the (U.S.) Department of Education.
The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015.
A federal judge said President Barack Obamas executive action on immigration is unconstitutional.
Says he and Mitt Romney always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline for leaving Afghanistan.
In Florida, the number of voters who now register as other has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000.
On whether he supports 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'
As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent.
70,000 three-year-olds and four-year-olds across America will lose access to the preschool Head Start program. ... 2,000 in the state of Florida alone.
Says as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge.
Says the acting chief of the IRS said he and the majority of IRS employees would rather stay with his current health plan than switch to Obamacare.
The U.S. has over $62 trillion in unfunded liabilities.
Says President Obamas deal allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon.
House Republicans required the use of Styrofoam cups in House cafeterias that are part of Koch Industries.
Says Suzanne Bonamici supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year.
The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008.
I never said that Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerbergs personal senator.
Republicans Chuck Grassley, John Boehner and John Mica flip-flopped on providing end-of-life counseling for the elderly.
The rate of U.S. female homicide victimsoutnumbers 24 other developed countries by more than 2 to 1.
About 3 percent of Gov. Nathan Deals appointments have been African-American.
Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed reduction in university spending is about the size of the one under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didnt treat Doyles cut as so dire.
Says new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are the final job numbers.
Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a murder mill.
300,000 Floridians will lose their current health plans because of Obamacare, a plan Alex Sink supports.
20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare).
As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000 in a shady land deal from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution.
In recent years, Rep. LaTourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by 551.6 percent.
The American slave trade caused 5 million deaths or more.
Says more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.
I never was in favor of shutting down the government. (I) voted to fund the government fully.
Jeanne Shaheen was principally involved in a plot with Lois Lerner and President Barack Obamas political appointee at the IRS to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the 2012 election
Says Edward Snowden could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower.
Labor union president Andy Stern is the most frequent visitor at the White House.
Justice John Roberts Signed Off On Obamas Arrest For Treason.
AIG said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated.
Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican.
Obamacare prevents (Florida) from regulating insurance.
Repealing Obamacare saves our nation more than $2 trillion.
The ocean is now much more acidic . . . than it has been for many millions of years.
Then, the Republican leader theatrically introduced new bills with stopgap budget language, declaring that we could stay until midnight and pass this compromise. Except under our constitution, a bill has to be read on 3 different days, so thats not possible.
Says that in 2009, Jon Huntsman said that the Recovery Act wasnt large enough and as governor he asked for $14.4 billion in federal stimulus funds. Now hes saying that he never supported it.
I fought to bring about the largest private-sector infrastructure project in North American history.
Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that dont even mention the program and how to enroll in it and that dont mention the word insurance.
Live cats have holes drilled into their skulls, posts put into their heads and coils put into their eyes, and some have had their ears cut off or are intentionally deafened or starved at UW-Madison labs that do research to improve hearing in humans.
Says of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations.
Texas leads the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance.
President Barack Obama put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil.
The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
Wendy Davis is the most popular politician in Texas.
Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent.
Says Marco Rubio said that felons should not have their voting rights restored but that convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time.
Research found that over the course of the existence of the Brady Bill ban, the use of assault weapons in crimes decreased by two thirds.
More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land.
California has added twice as many jobs as Florida over the past year.
Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for abolishing Social Security and Medicare.
Says McCain "voted to let governments charge rape victims" for forensic exams.
Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high.
Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor for less than the price of one of them in Washington state.
Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelors degrees means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars.
Says Ted Cruz supports legalizing people who are in this country illegally.
My opponent has no child care plan.
60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs weve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
Millions of Americans are paying more and getting less under Obamacare.
Says that under the new healthcare law, full- and part-time workers will be required to buy insurance costing $375 to $1,000 a month, starting in 2014.
People can use food stamps for anything, including to go to Hawaii, and even millionaires can qualify.
From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years.
Were losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China.
In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns.
When Roy Barnes was governor, "Georgia created 235,000 jobs."
This is a test of the Share the Facts widget.
Fully inflating tires is "a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."
Says Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he had nothing to do with that provision in the law.
Fifty-three percent of graduates from liberal arts colleges these days cant find jobs.
(New Jersey Network) is the only news station which covers New Jersey government.
In the past six years alone, changes to the pension formula have saved over half a billion dollars.
China now owns $1.1 trillion of our debt, our trade deficit last year with them was a quarter of a trillion dollars.
Medicare Part D was far more expensive than the Affordable Care Act and unlike the act, was never budgeted.
When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, "Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."
President Obamas lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the states early voting period.
Says 2012 was the first year in American history that more minorities are being born than people in the majority.
Says four-year terms for City Council members are the norm in most cities of our size.
Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.
Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions.
Some politicians want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries.
The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
I built the last nuclear plant not only in the state, but in the country.
Under Scott Walker, right now, were 46th in the country in terms of new businesses started.
Says Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion.
Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
[When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America.
On immigration, what reports say President Barack Obama plans to do is roughly on the same scale as what President George H.W. Bush did.
TheAffordable Care Actalters the sensible doctor-patient-relationship-centered health care program ... we see today.
Says Sen. Rob Portman said, It would be irresponsible not to cut Medicare.
A majority of drunk driving deaths and injuries are caused by drunk driving offenders with no prior convictions.
(Obamas) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.
Six of the nations 10 wealthiest counties, according to median income, are in and around the Washington, D.C. area.
Says Hillary Clinton lied about why her parents named her Hillary.
Gov. Bob McDonnellsbudget plantakesmoney out of our classrooms to pave roads.
Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.
Says El Paso is the safest city of our size in the nation.
Under those eight years before (Barack)Obama came along, we didnt have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States since Sept. 11, 2001.
And the #jerseycomeback keeps rolling! Thanks to @GovChristie NJ now has lowest corruption risk of any state.
Says Demond Means, turnaround district superintendent for Milwaukee Public Schools, said the district needs to be gutted.
We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010.
In 1992, Barack Obama directed "Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."
In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas while the nation is at about 36 percent.
Obamacare will question your sex life.
The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources. We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy.
Says a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms.
A measure to repeal the states prevailing wage law would make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs through an illegal worker loophole in the state budget.
The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is a self-funded pension plan and its the money of the workers that funds it.
Says Scott Brown voted to reward companies to ship jobs overseas.
An attack on a healthy 22-year-old homosexual man would be more protected under the law than an attack on an eight-year-old child.
My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False.
Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote
Forty-five percent of those whove been unemployed, theyve been unemployed for six months or longer.
I finished the controversyabout wherePresident Barack Obama was born.
Says $6 billion projected to accumulate in the states rainy day fund is already used.
Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
Says Illinois Democrat David Gill would end Medicare.
Rick Perry has never lost an election and remains the only person to have won the Texas governorship three times in landslide elections.
Says adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
President Barack Obama (is) the first president in history to cut Medicare by $700 billion.
Says that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq too fast.
If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.
Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up "more than their share" because of health care reform
Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined.
Says most states, but not Texas, permit jurors to ask questions of witnesses in trials.
He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet.
Says Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers.
Says Marco Rubio voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act.
The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited.
I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA.
Its just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience a massive, double-digit premium hike.
Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers comp system. Thats the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois.
Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half.
The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county.
Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. Donald Trump doesnt.
With Rick Scott, there are more funds for preschool education.
John McCain accused Barack Obama "of letting infants die."
As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses.
The director of the FBI said that we cannot properly vet people coming from the Middle East.
In Texas, the No. 1 name for new male babies many of whom will vote one day is Jose.
I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year. ... We have people who are check kiters and dont pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen.
The average fast food worker is 29, and most fast food workers are on some form of public assistance.
SaidPresident Barack Obama said he was going to stop (signature strikes).
Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbersand always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is.
More than half of the people on food stamps today are children.
Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country.
Says Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and "clean, safe, nuclear energy."
There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined.
Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be gang-intervention specialists. She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again.
A United Nations arms treaty would almost certainly force the U.S. to create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation.
Im the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against.
Says his Act 10 reforms have saved the taxpayers some $3 billion.
Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt.
I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere.
In renewable and advanced energy manufacturing projects, Ohio now ranks first among the 50 states.
Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time.
Liberal out-of-state special interests are spending millions on 5 and 6 to change the way Florida draws its congressional and legislative districts.
Warren Buffett recently said Scrap Obamacare and Start All Over.
Says Ron Johnson voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship Wisconsin jobs overseas.
More businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first time in our history.
What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasnt changed since the law passed.
On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
Dave Brat worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaines Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion.
Thirteen hundred applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare.
When the NECAP proficiency test is re-given to the kids the second and third time, harder questions are taken out.
Health care reform "establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the 'Health Benefits Advisory Committee') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."
90 percent of all pain medications are prescribed in the United States.
Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills in secret.
Theres a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead.
Colorado saw increased incidents of emergency room visits by young people and increased incidents of driving while under the influence of marijuana following the legalization of recreational pot.
Says Deborah Ross supports the Iran nuclear deal and the ransom it paid for hostages.
Says Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!
DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
Floridas high school graduation rate falls well below the national average.
Since 2004, there have been some 1,300 attacks (on rail targets). Four thousand people have died. Thousands of injuries.
Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before.
Among Syrian refugees and migrants coming into Europe, there look like very few women. Very few children.
Says Paul Ryans budget plan ends Medicare.
When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program.
Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!
Illegal immigrants mow the grass around the (Texas) Capitol.
Says the Texas House has a record number of new members joining our ranks.
When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years.
Gov. Rick Scott tried to kick 180,000 people off the voter rolls.
It is simply a fact that insufficient funding for Amtrak has delayed the installation of a positive train control safety system. To deny a connection between the (derailment in Philadelphia) and underfunding Amtrak is to deny reality.
This bill allows Virginia to join about 23 other states that have an ultrasound procedure before an abortion.
Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget is still below the level of state spending when I took office.
Marco Rubio has the No. 1absentee record in the United States Senate.
If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.
Says Hillary Clinton believes that all abortions should be legal, even on the due date of that unborn child.
Says a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work-related fatalities to increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in English.
I have always opposed drivers licenses for illegal aliens.
President Obamashealth care law is a government takeover of healthcare.
This is not a mosque. Its a cultural center that has a prayer area.
The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the elimination of the secret ballot.
When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating.
I dont understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times.
A couple of debates ago, (Donald Trump) said if you dont support socialized health care, youre heartless.
In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation of the Hyde amendment.
Says Jeb Bush has released 10 percent of his emails.
Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.
Donald Trumps decision to skip the Fox News/Google debate in Des Moines is near unprecedented.
Austin has over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries.
On oil drilling
Says she is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined.
More than 40 percent of sales nationally are made without background checks.
More lives are lost from violence against women, sex-selective abortion, female infanticide, suicide, egregious maternal mortality, and other sex-linked causes than were lost during all of the wars and civil strife of the 20th century.
If Cory Gardner gets his way, youd better stock up on condoms.
The 48, 49 percent that supports President Barack Obama are people who pay no income tax.
Obama plans "a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."
President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani.
Assault rifles already are banned.
PolitiFact Texas gave a David Dewhurst TV ad a Pants-on-Fire rating as an outrageous lie.
Look, we are at war with these people and they dont wear uniforms. This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now.
Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!
Says Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner.
NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico, for example, to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected.
Government subsidies for renewable energies such as wind and solar are 100 times greater than those given to gas and coal, and 50 times greater than what the nuclear industry enjoys.
I am the first Latina to run for governor of Texas.
Cap and trade legislation that Zack Space supported would cost the average household approximately $1,761 per year in increased energy rates.
Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid.
The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000.
Sen. Joe Biden, the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, recommended partitioning Iraq into three separate entities.
Says that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out two and three and four times higher than anybody else.
Says he voted to remove Common Core from our schools.
Governor Christie, his idea of jumpstarting the economy is to propose a trickle-down income tax cut last year and in his budget address this year, he stated his support for it again.
Says some Austin school district classrooms lack electrical outlets.
When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats.	message-machine,voting-record	doug-macginnitie	Sandy Springs City Councilman	Georgia	republican	1	1	0	0	0	a campaign commercial 789.json	half-true	I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."
Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
Upwards of 90 percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound.
John McCain, "one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires," says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a "second job" and "skip their vacations."
As Jim Doyles Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin and had laid off 800 workers.
In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools.
Families in Del Valle, who are City of Austin residents, have to drive to Bastrop to go to the closest grocery store.
Hillary Clinton is for open borders.
Jim Dunnam has not lived in the district he represents for years now.
Tennessees grocery tax is one of the highest in the nation.
Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
Says Damascus disincorporation would produce NO significant tax savings.
The average person who gets the minimum wage in America is 35 years old.
Yes, this would be the same congressman (Rep. Pete Hoekstra) who last year Tweeted the whereabouts of a top-secret mission to Iraq.
Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state.
The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails.
(Since 1990)every continent has seen substantial gains, with individual incomes growing by more than a third in every region of the developing world.
Says Oak Grove is one of the largest cities in Oregon and is the biggest city in Clackamas County and its not a city.
John McCain "voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."
I did not support the sequester.
The sequester has already lost 1.6 million jobs.
Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds.
Says New Jerseys tenure law has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure.
Says the reasoning behind Portlands high water and sewer rates is all kinds of pet projects unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus
President Obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life.
Handel endorsed gay adoption in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission.
The New York Times writes this long story about Donald Trumps tax returns but didnt point out there was no wrongdoing until paragraph 18.
All University of Texas student-athletes get an iPad.
The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 was the first color revolution.
Its expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States.
I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate. Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group. He chose not to.
Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
Says President Barack Obama wants to raise the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent.
U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses.
Theres no wildlife in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Says Hillary Clintons plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.
Americanschools are more segregated than they were in the 1960s.
Says Rep. Betty Sutton supports allowing welfare fund withdrawals from strip clubs, casinos and liquor stores.
The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state.
Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won the popular vote.
We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed).
Says Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to demand that New Jerseys Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest.
The financial penalties imposed on gay couples can cost us more than $300,000 compared with married heterosexual couples over a lifetime.
While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jerseys remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York.
Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check.
It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
In Flint, Mich., the pipes still havent been replaced. The water is still poisoned.
Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy as Medicare Advantage.
And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers.
Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me.
Most Americans want traditional marriage, as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act.
Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
Says Mitt Romney is proposing a tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country.
John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
Says Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.
If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, wed have 300 more officers in our department.
Former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney are unable to visit Europe due to outstanding warrants.
Says the national debt and President Barack Obamas refusal to control spending led to our nations credit rating being downgraded for the first time in history.
In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were "very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."
African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do.
State Rep. Kathleen Peters has a 100 percent pro-abortion voting record even voting against a ban on sex-selection abortions.
Says the City of Portland alone has 84 public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over $6.2 million (a year).
Says Obamacare is the largest middle-class tax increase in history.
Ann Kuster supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion.
For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent.
Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban.
Today in America, between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1-in-2, are killed before they are born.
According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution.
All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You dont save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus.
Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year.
Says the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight.
Says MarcoRubio voted to slash school funding by billions of dollars and would eliminate the Department of Education.
A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax thats part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgias convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
Texas had the highest level of turnout than ever before in the primary.
John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
Says she is the subject of 60 books.
SaysPresident Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill.
Says more than 1 million Texans are jobless, the state has its highest unemployment rate in more than 20 years and joblessness doubled on Rick Perrys watch.
The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research would be used by the government to ration care.
In the New York 9th District, there is a large number of people who went to the polls tonight who didnt support the president to begin with and dont support Democrats -- and its nothing more than that.
At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.
This is the true picture of Milwaukees Renaissance after 12 years of Mayor Tom Barretts leadership.
Says Mary Burkes Madison school district will be the only school district left in the state to ignore the (Act 10) law in the 2015-16 school year.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
Says his administration balanced two budgets with over $13 billion in deficits without raising taxes.
Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo supported ending the Medicare guarantee.
Says U.S. Rep. Ted Yoho said African Americans should only be given three-fifths of a vote.
Says health insurance premiums will rise under Obamacare.
Says Saddam Hussein had a 10-year relationship with al-Qaida.
Social Security and Medicare are a Ponzi scheme.
Weve created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office.
In Florida, we have the lowest in-state tuition of any state.
Rep. Jim Renaccis plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy.
If Congress does not pass the renewal of the payroll tax cut before the end of the year, nearly 160 million working families will see their taxes go up by roughly $1,000.
The church Barack Obama belongs to has a "nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."
[U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia.
On support for Common Core education standards
Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget.
Says her campaign platform includes the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
Says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker.
We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape.
Says over 90 percent of Travis Countys eligible residents have registered to vote.
An Internet sweepstakes cafe is a legitimate business that has been vetted and found to be completely legal in the state.
The Obama administrations policies have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent.
The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
Since President Obama took office, 2 million jobs. Gone.
Says Donald Trump said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose.
Mitt Romney has 15 homes.
Whales live as long at SeaWorld as they do in the wild.
Says U.S. Senate opponent Eric Hovde supported billions in stimulus for high-speed rail and billions more to bail out banks.
Says Mitch McConnell voted to raise Medicare costs for a current Kentucky senior by $6,000.
Barry Smitherman doesnt have enough legal experience to apply for most of the jobs at the attorney generals office.
Out of the total U.S. military budget, significantly less than 10 percent of that money is used to fight international terrorism.
Polls showHillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump as her opponent.
The state bureaucracy Jane Norton managed grew by $43 million in just three years.
As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
Ron Klein repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party.
Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.
The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion in the 2009 session.
Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."
A bill to cap carbon emissions could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs.
If you give guns to gangs, you can get out of jail free, if (Californias Proposition 57) passes. If you do a drive-by shooting, you can get out of jail free, if Proposition 57 passes. If you discharge guns on a school yard, you can get out of jail free.
Says John Raese said he wants 1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now.
Jerry Brown gave California state employees collective bargaining powers and now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life.
The stimulus bill includes "$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami."
Wisconsins non-discrimination law doesnt protect members of the trans-gender community.
Eighty-five percent of governments running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down.
Says Abraham Lincoln supported an agreement that allowed slavery in New Mexico and a law to return runaway slaves to their owners.
The book Little Red Riding Hood is something thats been banned in America, but not assault weapons.
Our crime rate continues to plummet.
Obama has racked up more debt than any president in history over $5 trillion.
There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trumps) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.
The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade.
Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve.
Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.
Says Jeanne Shaheen has voted with the president 99 percent of the time.
Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions.
Says Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization of the Veterans Administration.
Ten retired nuns were barred from voting in the 2008 Indiana Democratic primary.
Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade.
Rhode Island is leading our nation in foreclosures.
Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation.
On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career.
During the Reagan era, "the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."
Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall.
Virginias current unemployment rate is the lowest in Virginia history.
Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
The president and vice president cant be from the same state.
Judge Sotomayor has said "that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."
On letting Occupy Atlanta protesters stay in Woodruff Park.
Says Justice Elena Kagan recused herself in many cases where she had little role as solicitor general, simply because of the appearance of a conflict of interest.
Says a voter-adopted constitutional amendment instructed a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations.
Says state Rep. Fred Clark (D-Baraboo) ran a red light and seriously injured a bicyclist.
Says Mitt Romney has put forward a plan that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class.
Virginia spends less per student today than we did in 2008.
Not a single segment of the proposed Beltline intersects the MARTA system at MARTA stations.
Says Donald Trump has written 10 checks to Hillary Clinton and four of those checks were not to her Senate campaign. It was to her presidential campaign.
Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
One extra year of schooling for girls reduces infant mortality rates among their children by up to 10 percent.
Says an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton is responsible for years of diversions from the states unemployment insurance trust fund.
Under a House Republican appropriations bill, 6 million seniors are deprived of meals.
If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it.
Right now, our corrections department charges taxpayers between $30,000 and $40,000 a year per person we lock up, she said. Thats actually cheap when you compare us to the rest of the country.
Were borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
The California governor says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum in vaccines.
Says Holly Turner failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries.
Members of Congress receive full pay retirement after serving one term.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin supports a tax increase that President Obama says would cost middle-class families $3,000 per year.
In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races.
A Cornell University research study concludes that ethanol generates a 29 percent energy loss, meaning it takes more than a gallon of gasoline to produce a gallon of ethanol.
When it comes to being effective at creating jobs (Chris Christie has not had) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... Last year, New Jersey created no net new jobs.
For the new state budget, "Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."
FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans.
Ive never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot.
Toledo Mayor Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money.
Very, very, very few people get a pat-down when they go through airport security.
Our high school graduation rate is the highest on record.
Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow left taxpayers on the hook for $950k study on genetic makeup of ants.
Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss.
The average age a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years old.
The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. Theyve demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases.
Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
Female students at UVA have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted.
President Obama has added $4 billion in debt every day.
Grocery prices have risen significantly over the past year or so.
The number of people who believeinsocialism ...is increasing.
Under Scott Walker, the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country.
Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
[A] 2009 USDA study found that 87 percent of chicken carcasses tested positive for generic E. coli ... just prior to packaging.
The average person only pays about $1,800 in state taxes which is the lowest of all 50 states.
Says Donald Trump said he intends to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling during the campaign.
Were the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations.
Under the cromnibus law, taxpayers must guarantee incredibly risky derivatives deals made by the nations largest banks.
On offshore oil drilling.
None of $400 million the City of Austin proposes to spend on road projects will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways.
Says 11 states have more people on welfare than employed.
Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldnt keep Medicare going for three years.
In 2009, the Small Business Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate.
Says state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice supported incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley.
Says Bernie Sanders fundamentally changed the lives of Immokalee farm workers in Florida for the better.
SaysPatrick Murphys Pay More energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!
Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
Says Dan Patrick has called immigration into Texas an invasion and said immigrants coming into Texas bring third-world diseases.
On support for Ronald Reagans policies
Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings both where citizen with gun stopped the crime
The state of Florida has seen double-digit drops in alcohol use among teens.
Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America.
In Japan, permanent residency is not given to Muslims, the propagation of Islam is banned, one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language, and Muslims cannot even rent a house.
Says CNN deleted an online poll showing Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate to help out Hillary Clinton.
Says he led the effort to build a new (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee) engineering campus in Wauwatosa.
Republican ideas on health care dont give people an option to even enroll in something that they can afford.
Most of the people that work in finance make $70,000, $80,000 a year.
On running for re-election to U.S. Senate
Says New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.
Not even Tim Kaine is willing to say he trusts Hillary Clinton.
Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of immigration increases.
Cigarette butts poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them.
The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.
Said state insurance commissioner candidate Ralph Hudgens fights hard to strip women of life-saving coverage such as mammograms.
Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them.
Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare $882-billion worth.
Obamacare includes a $700 billion cut from Medicare for seniors.
Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!
Says Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom.
Says Sal Esquivel wants a 5 percent state sales tax on groceries.
A Texas law says that you cant shoot bears out of the second floor of a window.
We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College.
Says David Rivera allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress.
Obama admin gutted @ProjChildSafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits.
President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency.
The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007.
Says a lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for cutting children into small pieces.
State legislators quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building in 2013.
Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obamas economic policies 97 percent of the time.
Says TriMet spends $10.3 million in police contracts a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls
Says Barack Obama never worked in the private sector before he was elected president.
If the mayor were really serious about supporting Phillys schoolchildren and handling our citys looming fiscal crisis, he could begin by slashing the size of his own administration, which is already 45 percent larger than his predecessors and 40 percent more costly.
Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it.
The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees.
The economic stimulus bill created a council that's "modeled after the national board that controls Britains health system."
He has ushered in $3 billion in new investment.
Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson oppose a womans right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act.
Reconciliation was used "for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."
Republicans are now taking credit for provisions of the health care bill that they had tried to derail.
We have the best schools in the United States.
Says Ronald Reagan repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way.
Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform Americas health care system, but "the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."
After not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade, New Jersey opened offices in Shanghai and London in the past six months, and has seen an 18 percent increase in exports.
Broward County was one of three counties in the nation pivotal to an Obama victory in 2012.
Says in the last six months of the Bush administration, the U.S. lost 3.5 million jobs, including 760,000 jobs during January 2009 alone.
On whether he wants to be vice president.
In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin ranked third in the Midwest.
In the past 27 months, President Barack Obama has created more private-sector jobs than in the Reagan recovery.
In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition.
Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly.
Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year.
Minimum wage = $16,000/year CEO-Goldman Sachs (Lloyd Blankfein) $16,000/Hour.
I sponsored and was the co-sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had E-Verify provisions in it back in 2010 when I served in the Legislature.
Took on the Olympics and turned them around
If you have a job in this country, (theres a) 97 percent chance that youre not going to be in poverty.
This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.
We cut taxes 24 times.
On day one, six people were able to sign up for health insurance through the federal marketplace.
In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball.
Arkansas Democratic congressional candidate Chad Causey was a Washington, D.C. bureaucrat.
The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority concluded that light rail in Cobb County would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion.
Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took large piles of cash from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Irans Revolutionary Guard.
Says property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance.
Says Ron Wyden spent $2 million to study exotic ants.
Every Republican Senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the Senate taking up the Supreme Court vacancyexcept for Congressman Heck.
Under the Cash for Clunkers program, all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500.
Says that Secretary of State Jon Husted and former secretary Jennifer Brunner both have supported a provision in Senate Bill 47 that would limit the days organizers have to collect signatures for initiative and referendum petitions.
Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!
Were losing as many people to heroin and opioid overdoses as we lost to the AIDS epidemic at its peak.
Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi the person I respect the most in Washington.
Says there were over 600 reports of Texas votes for Donald Trump in the states 2016 Republican primary virtually all getting tallied for Marco Rubio.
Quarterbacks won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time.
We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
That 3.5 percent (increase in the third quarter GDP) came from two things government spending on Cash for Clunkers they just moved fourth-quarter auto sales into the third quarter and the first-time home buyer thing.
The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job.
Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition that could affecttheir health care coverage.
Georgia is one of three states that effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators.
According to a national survey, transit ridership among people age 16 to 34 increased 40 percent between 2001 and 2009.
Theres never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days.
90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes.
They talk about this problem with binding arbitration. It doesnt make a lot of sense to me to have somebody from Los Angeles fly into Zanesville and impose a wage settlement on you ... and then theyre on the plane back to Los Angeles.
Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases.
President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy.
Ronald Reagan raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987.
The Georgia Department of Economic Development assisted with the creation of 28,776 jobs, an increase of 29 percent from last fiscal year, and $5.97 billion in investments, a 32 percent increase.
Says union bosses bused protesters to aCentral Florida education protest.
If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the health risk of flicker impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures.
In the U.S., African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites on marijuana charges.
Says I was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney.
Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didnt think capturing Osama bin Laden makes us any safer, but in 2011 called his killing historic.
Says the Obama administration invited Russia into Syria.
As a sign of extraordinary progress, there are half as many (primary-age) children out of school today as there were 15 years ago.
Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200 to a federal political campaign.
We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly.
Not even old Gen. Eisenhower saluted military personnel as president.
91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted.
Because of union rules, cooks helpers moved into DMV jobs they were not trained for
Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin dont have to pay any taxes on their income for two years.
Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation.
The priorities of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers.
With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program.
I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938.
Georgia has had 12 school shootings in the two years since the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School, more than any other state.
Three years ago, John McCain said, "Afghanistan we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."
The people who want President Barack Obama impeached are all white, theyre all older, and guess what, theyre in the far right wing of the Republican Party.
Nobody has played clips over and over ...of President Obama (saying), If they bring a knife to the fight, well bring a gun.
Says President Barack Obama is sending a much larger (force) to deal with Ebola than ISIS is getting.
In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care.
40 percent of U.S. gun sales are occurring outside of licensed gun dealers.
Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clintons two terms but only 3 million during Bushs.
One of the first states in the union to pass a voter ID bill was Rhode Island, 85 percent Democratic legislature.
Kasichs budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history.
Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop.
Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than its been in 40 years.
Says Rick Perry said theres an administrator for every teacher in Texas public schools.
Says Oregons political tax credit is something every state should have and no other state does.
Bill White used D.C. connections from his job in the Clinton administration to form a company that did business in the Middle East and defaulted on a $60 million loan.
People on potshoot each other ...stab each other ...strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families.
Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
Says Target installed urinals in a womens bathroom to accommodate the ones who have giblets.
I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate.
Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget.
On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan found a good health insurance plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month.
Says Bush Jr. handed Obama a $1.4 trillion deficit and Obama reduced Bush Jr.s deficit to just $492 billion.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison voted to continue Roe v. Wade.
Says Scott Browns carrying some big oil baggage because he collected over $400,000 in campaign contributions.
Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office.
Says Gov. Chris Christies proposal to reduce state income taxes would be the second tax cut for the rich by the governor in two years.
Theres no money for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open.
Says Chris Christie was behind in the polls against Jon Corzine during the 2009 governors race.
More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined.
Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts.
(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000.
The House Zika bill limits access to birth control services needed to help curb the spread of the virus in Puerto Rico.
We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since Ive been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyles time as governor.
Back door gun control is in full effect in the United States due to Obamas Environmental Protection Agency.
Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed.
Ill be running against a career politician.
The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.
We spend a staggering amount of money on health care over $2-trillion and almost twice as much as any other country per person.
Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris.
Says Donald Trump was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, Gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.
We have killed lots of innocent people in the state of Texas.
The United States still ranks 20th in the world in access to broadband -- over 50 percent below the best nations.
Says President Barack Obama has launched twice as many strikes (on)countries that are predominantly Muslim than President George W. Bush.
Says 15,000 IRS employees have to be added to administer ObamaCare and look at the tax implications.
Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average
Many of the 9/11 conspirators came from the Muslim Brotherhood, including Osama bin Laden, Ayman Zawahiri and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members.
[State Rep. Doug McKillips] donors deserve a refund.
I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland.
Austins the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years.
Says Chris Christie vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship.
Tax dodging costs developing countries $200 billion every year.
Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions.
Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death.
Martin Luther King was a Republican.
Congressman Robert Hurt has a plan to cut education by 40 percent.
Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
The Senate immigration bill is filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos.
The city of Clarkston cant decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that.
(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care.
Says he cured Charlie Sheen and the island of Comoros of HIV with milk from goats, which had arthritis.
In first week as governor, Tim Kaine proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, $4 billion, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year.
I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the World Trade Center collapsed.
Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill thats raised your electric rates seven times.
Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, "all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."
I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history.
The United States is behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead.
Says that several times in the last 15 years, Austin City Council candidates have won seats after trailing by more than 4,000 votes in the election prompting the runoff.
Says she made a cold call and persuaded an Illinois company to relocate to Wisconsin.
We didnt go out and take information from the Hillary Clinton campaign.
In Florida, for eight years we cut taxes every year, totaling $19 billion.
You can hire lots of bureaucrats. Thats what the presidents done. Hes added 135,000 people to the government workforce.
People think AIDS is done --its not done.
A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also prevent -- or limit -- the extent to which food stamps could be used for organic foods.
Franklin Roosevelt (was) the last president to come to the Congress to ask for permission to engage into war.
Said Planned Parenthoods early objective was to help kill black babies before they came into the world.
On gift taking,Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took.
More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
He leant his name to a bill, did little or nothing three years ago to try to get it passed, (and) since then has done absolutely nothing other than disavow any attempt to move on the legislation.
Ive either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus.
Wisconsin is not walking away from a dime in federal funds by rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion.
If all of the [Bush-era] tax cuts expire on schedule, the budget will be close to being balanced in four years.
In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs.
Then-Sen. Barack Obama refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership.
Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
Says the states pension and health benefits reform includes the destruction of public sector collective bargaining rights.
Says these Jersey Shore folks, theyre from New York.
The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change has been pretty well debunked.
The children coming across the southern U.S. border were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy.
Milwaukee has the second-highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking.
The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks.
The 2013 immigration bill expanded President Obamas ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks.
Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.
Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage.
Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office.
Under Lee Fisher Ohio has lost nearly 400,000 jobs.
We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England.
She led the fight to stop health insurance rate hikes and saved Rhode Island families over $150 million.
Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to participate in union activities such as collective bargaining.
One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagans presidency.
The stimulus bill "didnt create one new job."
Says 51 percent of federal tax filers paid zero federal income tax.
Wendy Davis is threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion.
You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record.
While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that.
One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically.
Says Gov. Scott Walker made more than $70 million in cuts to job training programs through (Wisconsins) technical colleges.
It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Stricklands income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday.
There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education.
There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange.
The overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-13 state budget
Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.
Barack Obama has "reversed" on his commitment "to begin withdrawing American troops from Iraq immediately."
Texas added 6,600 miles of highway from 2001-2012, more than any other state.
Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, shes seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped.
Buck wants to privatize Social Security.
Says Charlie Crist raised taxes on the middle class by $2.2 billion.
Women still do not get paid as much as men, even for the same work, period.
As governor, Tim Kaine oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase.
By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined.
On running for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
State support for local schools per pupil has decreased by at least 25 percent over the past decade.
Says Obama called Sarah Palin a pig.
Some Republican leaders in Congress are pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall.
The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in.
He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras.
Says nearly 29,000 Oregonians almost 5 percent of all homeowners are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage.
Says that in Texas, Republican nominees get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average.
Says Texas ranks 49th nationally in what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state.
Says President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya terror.
Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually.
When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go.
Now we have ISIS coming over the (U.S.-Mexico) border.
Says Ellen Rosenblum has said over and over again that this is a job where 80 percent of the job is being the governments lawyer.
The presidents come out with rules that say, No new coal-fired power plants.
Says gas costs $4.50 a gallon.
Says Rep. Justin Amash votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans.
Says hesecured the highest possible bond rating for the city of Tampa.
Says state budget deal between Texas House and Senate leaders funds nursing homes, our public schools and universities and provides financial aid for college students.
The economic impact of new Atlanta Braves stadium includes 9,241 new jobs and $295 million in wages.
Tampa is the strip club capital of the world.
None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. Its always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, wed be at 20 percent.
Weve spent $6 trillion on the wars in the Middle East.
Milwaukee has the highest incarceration rate among African-American men in the country.
Says I dont agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics.
Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states.
Seventy percent of all uninsured live in households in which at least one person is working.
The city of San Antonio reuses almost 40 percent of its water. You know how much the city of Austin reuses? About 5 percent. And thats not right. We can do better.
Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act.
Says Gerald Daugherty is endorsed by the Austin American-Statesman.
Governor (Perry), you were a Democrat, having worked for Al Gore as his campaign manager...
Were bankrupt.
We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government.
Ron Klein sponsored an amendment that specifically allows price gouging.
As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country.
Im also the only lieutenant governor to not take a security detail.
Dan Patrick was the only state senator who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses.
SaysDonald Trump called pregnant employees an inconvenience.
The president can "authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."
Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan.
As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as $220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm and $5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail.
The health care bill will "create 4 million jobs, 400,000 jobs almost immediately."
Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports the state's new immigration law.
Jason Carters plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion.
New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think thats good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition.
Photo of "tea party" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument
Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a Canadian-style government takeover of health care.
Says he cut taxes by more than $600 million when he wasgovernor.
Since the time of the Civil War, weve made a distinction in this country between the availability and the ability to access for people who were in the military, versus the rest of us, to vote.
The Obama administration has even joined Islamist governments in sponsoring a U.N. resolution that would shred our First Amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical Islamism potentially illegal.
We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries.
The Milwaukee Bucks are actually younger than the Marquette team.
New school testing standards will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students.
The state constitution clearly says theres not to be a state income tax in Tennessee.
Wisconsin uses voting machines that are outlawed, they are illegal.
Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on "crime and hatred" and that whites in America are "ineradicably racist."
The form students fill out to get college financial aid is "longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."
I said no to higher taxes and fees.
500 percent more traffic here?
We are "borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil" with the result being "dependency and debt."
Of all the jobs President Obama claims to have created since he started, only 38.5 percent are women. So 61.5 percent have gone to men.
Only four countries in the world allow abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy.
Says Mexico can afford to build a wall because the countrys trade deficit with America is billions of dollars.
Sen. Obama has been to Iraq once.
Eighty-three law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year. Twenty-four of them were shot and killed in cold blood.
When Marcy Kaptur brought home $42 million for new manufacturing jobs, Dennis Kucinich voted no.
Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence.
Says Ted Cruz wanted to let in more Syrian refugees and give amnesty to illegal immigrants.
Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
Says the Treasury Department says 41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires] surtax that would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs.
There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Ninety percent of American workers dont own their own business.
Who will raising the minimum wage actually help? More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old.
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses closing than starting.
Debt doubled under Bush and now its tripling under Barack Obamas watch.
Nearly half of all persons under 30 did not go to work today.
Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
Zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms. Planned Parenthood, women dont need you!
SaysCongressman Jack Kingston voted to raise his pay seven times.
The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees "holiday trees."
In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input.
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagans policies.
The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriffs Office mirrors the community it serves.
The United Nations has conducted 172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations.
When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient and sometimes spend an entire shift out there doing that.
Says Tommy Thompson pushed such strict laws that abortion providers faced potential life imprisonment and women were forced to cross state lines in order to receive attention for life-threatening issues.
Says he restored prayer and the pledge in our schools.
Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent.
U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out
Art Robinson says Social Security should be ended through attrition.
For the past eight years, Gov. Carcieri and Mrs. Carcieri would host the lighting of the State House Christmas tree.
We dont have bridges being built in the United States.
200,000 students attempt suicide every year on college campuses.
Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
Says judges get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state.
One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die.
James Langevin has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Islands needs.
Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.
In an interview with the Chicago TribunesEditorial Board, Comptroller Leslie Munger says that in order to balance a budget, the state would have to cut social services completely.
State Sen. Alberta Darling voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending while cutting programs such as education and health care
Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue.
Weve got a 1,000 National Guard troop request thats been in front of this president for over a year and no response.
Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obamas campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights Blake Rocap stopped them.
At Texas AM University, only 49 out of 3,000 faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years.
Says Barack Obama supported Ted Kennedys ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition.
One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform).
When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program? Brennan responded and said, no, there is no limitation.
Says the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs.
Under Governor Crist, 3,000 teachers laid off.
In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either dont have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and theyre still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on.
In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers move to limit collective bargaining rights has led to riots at the Capitol -- Its like Cairo has moved to Madison these days.
When Colorado eased its medical marijuana laws, fatal accidents involving pot-using drivers soared while overall traffic fatalities decreased.
If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years.
We wiped out a $3.6 billion deficit without raising taxes.
This year, the Austin City Council granted a small homestead property tax exemption of $5,000... applied equally to everyone. And we also granted an exemption for the elderly and the disabled members of the community.
Says Texas schools have had massive increases in class sizes with Rick Perry as governor.
Families are paying $900, on average, "in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."
As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
On counting state budget shortfalls
Says the federal government is the largest energy user in the country.
We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in)all but 4 states.
Says that data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New Yorks, about as bad as Californias, but not quite up to New Jersey levels.
Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.
Gun marketplaces on Facebook mean ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon.
Says Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garlandvoted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens.
[T]he Georgia Dome has returned $10 billion in economic impact to the state of Georgia.
Says Wisconsin state Senate President Michael Elllis (R-Neenah) broke Senate rules during debate on a photo ID bill for voters.
I am the only U.S. Senate candidate who spoke out against bombing Syria, and who challenged Georgias governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the Affordable Care Act.
In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has created a manufacturing-led jobs recovery. 30,000 new jobs were created this year, with 15,000 created in the struggling manufacturing sector.
You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists sites and what Donald Trump saysabout Muslims is used to recruit fighters.
Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
The employer mandate affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country.
When [Mitt Romney] was the governor of Massachusetts, he performed 100 and Im not sure this number is right, but my mind says its about 180 gay marriages.
We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class.
Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan.
There are fewerwars, there are fewerpeople dying in wars now than there have been in quite some time.
The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American workers wage rose just 2 percent.
Were going to be looking at $8 billion a day that were going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that were going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf.
ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella.
Says if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma.
Up to 80 percent of small businesses will be forced to give up their current plans due to new Obamacare regulations.
Since February 2009, the private sector has lost millions of jobs while the federal government has grown by hundreds of thousands of workers.
Gov. Rick Perry has overseen the highest Texas unemployment in 22 years.
The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution.
Most countries have no debt ceiling.
Says John Kitzhabers proposed budget for upcoming biennium represents 8 percent increase over last
Ganley said that if elected, he wants to cut the dickens out of Social Security, Medicare and Veterans benefits.
States still face a mandate to expand Medicaid coverage under President Obamas health care reform law.
Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto.
Says a bill requiring ultrasounds before abortions was supported by Republicans and Democrats.
State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year.
Says Ted Cruz has pledged to eliminate the U.S. Department of Education, which would end federal aid to college students.
91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
The Republicans' alternative health care plan "will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was right that President Barack Obamas health care bill created what would, in effect, be death panels.
In 2010, everybody said you cant dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that.
Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole.
In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects.
The debt limit deal allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money.
Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget roadmap doesnt balance the budget until the 2060s and adds an unthinkable $62 trillion to the national debt between now and then.
Keystone XL allows Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else.
To say a family has to buy a product from a private company is clearly beyond the delegated powers of the U.S. Constitution.
Gina Raimondo paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers.
Says Gov. Scott Walker said no to equal pay for equal work for women.
About 22 percent of adults in Rhode Island and approximately 30 percent of youth (ages 10-17) are considered obese.
Says Rick Perrys proposal on driver licenses and high school dropouts has been state law since 1989.
We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We dont talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs.
Says President Obama is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels...
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was the deciding vote for the health care law.
Tens of thousands of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse.
We spend more money on health care per capita in the United States than any other country in the world. Of the 30 developed countries in the world, we spend 2 1/2 times more than the average. Of the country that spends the second most per capita, Switzerland, we spend 175 percent more.
There are actual cities like Birmingham, England, that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply dont go in.
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
You wonder why you dont see Rand Paul as much; hes still shopping for his billionaire. Hes like the only one who hasnt found a billionaire to fund his super PAC.
Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.
Fox News said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama.
Says 74 percent of small-business people believe that Obamacare is a bad idea.
Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades.
Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Islands sales tax.
Social Security, like I told you, is out of money. This year it is borrowing from the general treasury.
Lincoln Chafee voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time.
Says Democratic challenger Russ Feingold was the deciding vote on Obamacare.
There is a Republican plan to end Medicare.
The DNC says McCain flip-flopped on whether the Iraq War would be easy.
According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??
On fundraising for super PACs
There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010.
Dan Patrick changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from his debts.
$360 million of our tax dollars went straight to ... the Taliban.
The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governors signature on a death warrant to end the case.
Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya.
By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance for the first time in 17 years.
Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11.
Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state
The Chinese last year probably stole $360 billion inintellectual property from the United States.
Says Kelly Ayotte stands with the Washington gun lobby. They fund her campaigns.
The Benghazi probe is the longest-running congressional investigation ever.
Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of glow in the dark human-jellyfish hybrids.
Says Mitt Romney plans to fire Big Bird.
Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trumps Rally.
Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office.
The prosecution of state Sen. Don Balfour cost less than $100, excluding prosecutors salaries.
Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because youve engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years.
Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools.
Payday lenders profit from the poor by charging 1,000-plus percent interest.
Irans defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion.
Americas wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes.
And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized...
Every American now is $51,000 in debt. Thats money I owe, thats money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, thats their check to the federal government right now.
Says Newt Gingrichs contract was with the lobbyists at Freddie Mac.
22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of anti-deportation measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, I just changed the law.
Says in Canada, the number of CT scan machines per 1,000 people is like one-tenth of what we have here in this country. Thats why people have to wait.
Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one.
Says Rick Scott signed laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest.
Under a new federal regulation, it will cost Pinellas County $31 million to fix a single ditch.
Says Peter Kilmartin has only three years experience in his own law practice.
Shutdowns are a normal part of the constitutional process, with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip ONeill and two during his own speakership.
By 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses in the United States.
The Clinton Foundation took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and, indeed, all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization.
President Obamas refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring.
Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.
Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent.
On the importance of an independent voting record
Women still earn about 77 cents for every dollar a man earns for working the same job.
The city of Nelson, Ga., is quieter than Mayberry.
Mr. Trump is self-financing his campaign, so we dont have any donors.
Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office 
It used to be that the only children at school who werent vaccinated were those who had true medical conditions. Now there are 19 states that allow personal belief exemptions.
A World Health Organization report shows that more people are dying of TB.
Barack Obama "cut taxes for working families."
Ronald Reagans signature on the 1986 amnesty act gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012.
Says Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker.
Says the University of Texas can afford to build a medical school because it has a $7 billion endowment and its football program had a $50 million profit last year.
I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City.
Says 56 percentof (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control.
Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to confuse the 2012 re-election campaigns.
Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined.
John McCain "is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."
Says that before Rick Perry became governor, only 4 percent of our total labor force was a minimum wage job ... Today, that number has more than doubled (to) 9.5 percent.
We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before.
In 2006, Planned Parenthood performed more prevention services and cancer screenings than abortions, but in 2013, there were more abortions.
We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil.
The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000.
Youve got more people wanting to go moose hunting in New Hampshire than want Obamacare.
Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico.
Says President Obama was proposing pinprick strikes for military intervention in Syria.
The platform of the Republican Party says deport everybody and to hell with it.
Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China.
Students today take more years to get through college.
It still had not gotten terrible on the roads by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday.
Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs.
Al-Qaida operatives, have said, Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.
The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees.
At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasnt paid a penny in taxes.
John McCain wants to privatize Social Security.
Says Donald Trump has bankrupt four separate businesses.
Says he created more than 500 American jobs.
Wisconsin has only one county, Dane, thats hand counting the votes in the 2016 presidential recount.
Weve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row.
I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities.
Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''	health-care,taxes	richard-durbin	Senator	Illinois	democrat	0	2	1	0	1	a comment on the Morning Joe'' show on MSNBC.
We [the city of Atlanta] are overbuilt on housing.
Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools go on to a two-or four-year college.
The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
The Greenlight Pinellas transportation plan involves a 300% tax increase.
Dave Aronberg was the first to demand that BP create a billion-dollar fund to pay for the devastation.
Theres a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. Theres a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And theres federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses.
Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, I did local press all along, the last three months.
When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. Its now 17 percent.
A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008.
Says Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
During my administration, funding for education has increased by over $930 million.
By 2015, we will be sending so much interest to China that we will be paying for the entire Peoples Liberation Army.
Says Mitt Romney suggested that employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage.
Says Barack Obama said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males and that is a lie because there is no data.
Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!
Says $57,000 is the mean [income] in our state for a family.
Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants.
The medical marijuana ballot initiative doesnt require a physician writing a prescription and can be for conditions like having a back that needs to be scratched.
Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
Sen. Obama wants to "enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."
On the pace that we're on with job creation in the last four months ...we will have created more jobs in this year than in the entire Bush Presidency.
Says Hillary Clinton is proposing destroying Medicare for seniors.
Says Mike Dovilla supports a plan that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike 
Qataris dont really work.
Ken Mercer wants Sean Hannity and James Dobson included in social studies texts.
Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how theyd address the rising cost of college.
Seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage are going to see an average premium increase between $50 and $90 per month.
Says Russ Feingold voted to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants
Says Texas state funds were spent on a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating.
The WIC program is an incredibly cost effective program, serving nearly 10 million Americans each year and costing less than $100 per person. In my district, more than 18 percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on WIC to make ends meet.
Says for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost (a) job or taken a pay cut.
For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty.
Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed.
Dan Patrick got caught not paying his taxes and pocketed his employees payroll taxes.
Women earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position.
Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis.
Anyone who knows you can just look it up to see if you voted.
Every survey shows strong satisfaction with private coverage.
TheCBO saysthe cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion originallyprojected.
I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.
Im the only (Republican)candidate that has actually reduced the size of government.
The ACLU didnt call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor.
Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.
Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya.
For middle-class families under the Baucus plan, 13 percent of what they make could be deducted directly from their paychecks . . . the so-called Max Tax.
It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama.
Georgias U.S. senators voted for legislation that would gut clean air protections and increase oil dependence.
I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance.
We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression.
Says 94 percent of Wisconsin employers think the state is heading in the right direction and a majority say they will grow their companies in 2012.
A new bill was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt.
In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan.
Republican candidate for Georgia governor dabbled in birther conspiracy theories.
SaysRuben Kihuen only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced during the 2015 legislative session.
Says he "fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."
Gov. Nathan Deal has taken at least $15,600 from the (Koch brothers), their businesses, and their employees.
The Obama administration went to court to keep one of these five in jail at Guantanamo just three years ago because he was such a huge risk.
Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
Says recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs.
Sen. Rubios (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.
Says The idea of one casino per tribe is a false one.
Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security.
The United States is numberonein the world in energyresources;Russia isnumber two.
Mitt Romney supervised a company guilty of massive Medicare fraud.
There is not one of the Muslim nations that doesnt have discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs.
Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California.
Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it.
It took us four years to balance the budget. Then I gave you four surplus budgets for the first time in more than 70 years, paid $600 billion down on the national debt.
While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.
Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies.
Says Scott Walkers listening sessions are invite-only and excluding the press.
There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
Dan Seals has been running for office since before there were, like, iPods.
Says it will cost $220 per square foot in hard construction costs to rebuild Portland Public high schools.
The omnibus spending bill has 9,427 pork barrel items.
We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades.
People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay.
Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, there were still folks who didnt have phone service. Soon Id helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone.
Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent during the presidents first year in office to 8.5 percent today.
One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because theres just not a lot of work there.
Greece is not a big economy. Its about the size of metropolitan Miami.
The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal.
Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets.
Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.
In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. Theyve said it on the record. Theyve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff.
Once people become citizens under the DREAM Act and turn 21, they can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents for legalization.
We borrow $4 billion every single day, much of it from China.
A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
Austin ISD has the highest graduation rate of every major city in Texas.
The United States has the most number of deductions available to corporations for the corporate income tax.
Says MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways.
John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did.
Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain."
Says Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street.
Says Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australias.
Youll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners, during the Civil War.
Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had fast-track trade authority.
The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing.
Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers.
Says Democratic opponent is too Republican to stand up for us.
Since 2009, weve cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third.
Democrat Stephen Webber voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches.
Shelby County donated Im sorry, gave 44 schools to the city of Memphis.
Says that in the last five years, Texas created more jobs than all other states combined.
Children are crossing the border because President Barack Obama said if you come, youre going to be able to stay, because were not going to enforce the law.
A recent economic uptick appears to coincide with the expectation of a new Republican Congress.
Slavery is still allowable under Wisconsin law as long as its a punishment for a crime.
When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof.
The states have always defined marriage.
The Central Falls School system spent $100,000 on a time clock.
There used to be 16 workers for every one person on Social Security. ... Now its three.
The federal government only ordered BP to pay "to do one of those six segments" of sand barriers for Louisiana.
Anyone can die of a toothache.
Says she got unions to agree to about $10 million in reduction of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin.
A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims who get an abortion.
Hollywood is #1 in Broward homicides in 2013. Thanks Chief Fernandez!
Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.
This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control.
Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower (tax) rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses.
Says Miami-Dade mayoral candidate Julio Robaina has the highest salary among Florida mayors. More than $260,000.
Tells David Cicilline, 94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature.
The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs.
Says Michael Cargill was arrested and incarcerated in Bell County.
The Social Security trust fund is sound. Without anything being done, it would function well into 2038; and even after that time with no changes, we could pay 80 percent of the benefits that people have earned.
After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students essays.
A sitting sheriff cannot be charged except by a warrant issued by a Superior Court judge.
Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
Says she is entering in the most diverse class ever, of U.S. Representatives
In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that by any measure Social Security has been a failure.
I lowered taxes over the last two years.
From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
Today, it is more difficult to enlist in the U.S. military than it is to enroll in college.
Recently we have seen our government debt grow by $3.4 trillion during the first 29 months of the Obama administration -- the equivalent of about $4 billion per day.
The 2013-15 state budget backed by Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers left our technical colleges funded at 1989 levels.
Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails.
Guantanamo detainees get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugsthey had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf.
Says his reform efforts improved performance at all 10 low-performing schools in Palm Beach, Florida.
Sotomayor ruled against the white firefighter Ricci and other white firefighters just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded.
Politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how I want.
No family earns too much to qualify for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
Says more than 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers.
If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household.
On opposing legislation that would take away existing health care plans.
(Rep. Bob Goodlattes) balanced budgetamendment does not require a balanced budget.
Republican Bob Donovan has run as a Republican time and again.
Missouri is the state with the lowest paid workers.
Sherrod Brown has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president.
Thomas Jefferson expressed strong support for a balanced budget amendment in 1798.
The government is going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it.
Says Gov. Charlie Crist has called him "a rock star."
Since the president became the president, we have lost 3.3 million jobs in the private sector. But you know whos done OK and whos not complaining today? The public sector. Weve gained 590,000 public sector jobs.
The vast majority of our public school students are receiving less state support than their private voucher peers.
Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil.
Florida high schools are four out of the top 10 in the entire United States.
Says he helped save the Olympic games.
South Carolina has a labor shortage, specifically in the meatpacking industry.
The rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent.
Says that unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating.
Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C.
Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now cant find a job.
Says unions take away hard-earned money of teachers, firefighters and police officers to play politics.
For educational testing, Florida has chosen a company that has a significant history of promoting identification of the GLBT lifestyle for children as young as seven years old.
John Kitzhaber created 128,000 new jobs while governor.
Domestic violence is seen as a pre-existing health condition and women had to pay 50 percent more for health care because of gender ratings, but under Obamacare, all of that is over.
Over the last 40 years, this countrys prison population has grown by 500 percent.
Says Fulton County government hasnt raised its millage rate since 1991.
Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year.
If we use (Tax Increment Financing) funding, thats going to take funds from the general fund for Pinellas County, as it will take funds from the general fund for the city of St. Pete.
Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death.
Over the last 10 years, Georgias public health has declined.
Says that the new financial services law requires 358 regulatory filings.
Says close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
Its four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the Affordable Care Act.
The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent since the debut of House of Cardson Netflix.
Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have lost their jobs.
Florida is one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity.
The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America.
If Buehler were elected, our vote-by-mail system would be at risk.
A study ranked Florida No. 1 in government corruption under Gov. Rick Scott.
The average South Korean is3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag.
Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
The founders advised non-interventionism.
One international flight a day in a wide-bodied jet ... one flight daily generates $150 million a year and approximately 2,300 jobs.
On advancing state money for a Formula One race
Accuses Ed FitzGerald of pay-to-play and corruption politics.
Says Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of forcible rape.
Says Erv Nelson voted yes on the pro-amnesty SJR 21, a bill urgingCongress to provide citizenship for those residing illegally in our country.
Says Nikita Khrushchev brought an extra shoe to a United Nations session in 1960, which he banged on the desk in protest.
Says Patrick Murphy hasnt passed a single bill out of committee.
On oil drilling off Floridas coast
Child care costs in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition.
Today, you cant rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), its not funded.
If Rhode Island applied a 1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
The state budget has actually grown by $4.6 billion under Gov. Scott Walkers actions.
Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didnt.
Florida "has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."
On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation.
ISISsends out 90,000 social (media)messages a day.
If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase.
Super Bowl Sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence.
Newt Gingrich has suggested building a mirror system in space could improve the Earths habitability.
In the month of July alone, EU exports to South Korea increased by over 36 percent. A lot of that is our market share. Those are our farmers and our service providers who are suffering.
In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908.
Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
Of every three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor.
U.S. Rep. John Barrows plan puts the IRS in charge of your health care.
Atlanta Tea Party co-founder Debbie Dooley wants gas taxes raised.
There are 30,000 people that have been killed with seat belts.
This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover.
You cant get on an airplane, but more than 2,000 people on that list have been able to buy a gun.
As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!
Hitler didnt want unions. Stalin didnt want unions. Mubarak didnt want independent unions. These autocrats in history dont want independent unions.
Says the private sector in Texas created 1 million jobs over the past decade.
In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education.
Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are single, childless adults.
Says an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt every day.
Says right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined.
The ABA's own criteria for a judicial nominee call for, among other things, at least 12 years' experience in the practice of law, and they mean actual practice of law.
In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay.
The U.S. has 47 million people on food stamps. Thats 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over.
Oregons per capita income is 9 percent below the national average and getting worse. This is a state thats actually getting poorer.
Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check from a federal program that he voted against.
Last year, we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years.
In Florida, illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion (a year). This amounts to $700 for every household in Florida.
Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare plan lines the pockets of the private insurance companies, increases costs for seniors and does not reduce the deficit.
Says 3,000 Americans died of gunfire between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections.
Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
Taxpayer-funded benefits to illegals in California are "a skyrocketing cost under Obamacare."
A bill from U.S. Rep. Ted Yohoattempts to restrict the administrations ability to conduct national security and criminal background checks on undocumented immigrants.
Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay.
No one knows who bought the [38 Studios] bonds. And there was some language put in the bond offer that they must remain anonymous.
By allowing brewpubs to sell beer, Georgia could become like Mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market.
Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska.
Likens Obamas predicament to 1982, saying, when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it.
Sen. Sherrod Brown has chosen to side with Washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks on our natural resources.
Says our economy in New Jersey gets $38 billion from the businesses at the Shore.
There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period.
The Benghazi victims were left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed.
Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench.
Says Michelle Nunn is for amnesty.
The U.S. spends more money on its military than the 16 biggest military budgets in the world combined.
Says the federal government is spending $765,828 to subsidize pancakes for yuppies in Washington.
Two years ago motorists in Ferguson, a city of 20,000 people, received 31,000 citations. Thats at least one citation per person plus 10,000 for visitors. The city is still surviving only on traffic tickets; theres virtually no industry there.
Planned Parenthood is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates.
Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent.
Says that in Ohio right now, you could be 8 months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason.
New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country.
In discussing the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya,Ms. Rice did say a terrorist attack. Its not that she put the whole thing on the video.
We buy 35 percent of all Chinese exports.
[A]n extra 8 million Americans [are] projected to join state Medicaid programs in the next few years.
McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if youre a white applicant than if youre black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials.
Under a bill before the legislature, youd have to go to court to fire an employee.
So many people were critical of Secretary (John) Kerry going to Paris and talking with Hamas, because Kerry was seen as supporting Hamas to the exclusion of the Arab League.
NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... Im sure Im not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.
[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior.
Says Bill White is refusing to debate.
Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
A United Nations working group has adopted a proposed agenda to enable member nations to disarm civilians within their borders.
In some states, African-Americans are three times more likely to be sentenced to death than whites for the same crime.
An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws.
Smog was invented in Los Angeles. It was. The name was invented. There was a fellow at Caltech and he came up with the idea and they called it smog.
The fact is voter fraud is rampant.
U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz has blamed the Republicans for the creation of Hamas.
The White House branded the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a Together We Thrive logo and slogan.
Although we have twice the population of Greece, the state of Florida employs three times fewer government employees.
There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment.
Half of illegal immigrants come on legal visas and then overstay.
Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed on spending cuts.
Says $30 million gap in stadium funding forced the Portland Beavers to leave.
Ive been reducing the number of Democratic Texas Senate committee chairs since I came in as lieutenant governor.
A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so.
The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part.
Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bushs 2002 landslide.
Weve had about 3,000 murders in connection with lax border security.
On support for gay marriage
Says Austin is the largest city in the U.S. without nonstop flights to Europe.
Senate immigration legislation is the Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty.
Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job.
1 percent of candidates that (the National Rifle Association) endorsed in 2012 won.
I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to.
Ronald Reagan banned ownership of fully automatic rifles. He supported the assault weaspons ban.
There is not one single federal housing program yet that has not needed a bailout to survive.
Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.
I used my line-item veto authority to veto $360 million dollars in special interest spending, so that our budget this year ... is still smaller than the fiscal year 2008 and 2009 budgets signed by my predecessor.
Employers and schools have no right to conduct surveillance of a dorm room or a workers cubicle.
It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces.
Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating.
Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically.
Phoenix is the kidnapping capital of the Western Hemisphere.
Says Ron Johnson is benefiting from several super PACs, I am not.
Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury.
The Republican candidate [John Loughlin] has talked about privatizing Social Security ... so we know where he stands on the issue.
Electricity rates are 40 percent higher in states that have required utility companies to use a certain amount of renewable energy such as solar power.
Marijuana today is genetically modified, with THC levels that far surpass the marijuana of the 1970s.
If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that theres something called the Geneva Convention were going to have to pull out of.
Says Allen West helped thwart a terrorist plot by shooting a gun in the direction of an Iraqi detainee, then reported the incident to his superior and said it was wrong.
A $300 million stimulus allocation to Wisconsin has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state.
E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
Says his transportation plan would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline.
Says direct shipment of wine makes underage drinking as simple as a mouse click.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers estimate of a $3.6 billion state budget deficit is manufactured and a bogus figure.
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
We just cant afford to pay 100 percent of government employee benefits.
My property taxes went down largely because my technical college portion went down 35.5% because of the money we put in at state.
U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a "few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."
Marco Rubio wants to raise the Social Security retirement age, and cut benefits.
Takes credit for reining in state spending when he was governor.
Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families.
Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006.
Charlie Crist broke the quarter "record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."
You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you dont see any American cars in Korea.
The reason why Cubans dont have access to 21st century telecommunications like smart phones, like access to the Internet is because it is illegal in Cuba.
Says new estimates from the Congressional Budget Office conclude the final price-tag for the health care law will exceed $2 trillion more than double what was initially reported.
Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year.
We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote.
Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
The federal government has $3 trillion in cash flow, so we can pay our bills and wont default.
A miscarriage is considered an abortion.
Greenlight Pinellas wont take existing lanes from other vehicles.
The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down under President Obama.
Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health.
The Orange County, Florida, school board voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50.
Any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the Supreme Court expected this June.
The stimulus has not created one private sector job.
In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington.
Says a pro-Democratic ad is false for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to resign.
About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district.
#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 weve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings.
For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage.
Says the Austin City Council may give $4 million a year to subsidize a race track.
On average, college students are taking six years to get a four-year degree.
For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services.
Says Donald Trump thinks stop-and-frisk is fine.
Says Hillary Clintons plan would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent.
As CFO, Alex Sink oversaw a $27 billion loss in the states pension fund.
Says he started the Pacur plastics manufacturing company he owns.
On whether the Iraq War was a mistake.
If you care about the environment, weve got record funding.
Its factually correct to say that Jennifer Brunner inherited at least 18 lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of Ken Blackwells mismanagement of the 2004 election.
Says Obamas net neutrality proposalputs the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered.
I'm pro-life. He's not.
When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now.
Illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every year.
There is no reason to allocate 60 percent of bridge space to satisfy two percent of all travelers.
When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, were getting bipartisan support for our bills. And thats called leadership.
Federal officials declared that grant funds could be used only for Milwaukees streetcar project, meaning it isnt possible to redirect the money to other modes of public transportation or to our public schools.
Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever.
Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
Says Florida is a model for successful pretrial release programs.
Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote.
Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail.
We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now.
If parents "don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."
We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now.
A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts to shave 5 full weeks off the school year.
With the tax controls we already put in place, property taxes on a typical home in December of 2014 will actually be lower than they were in December of 2010.
Twenty four states have voter ID or comparable restrictions; before Barack Obama was elected, it was two.
The public option is not funded with public money. It's funded with private insurance premiums.
Says sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldnt pay their health care bills.
Says we are overcharging students . . . to help pay for the health care law.
For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services.
Teachers were not involved in developing the Common Core State Standards.
On privatization of Social Security.
The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt.
For several days in July of 2012, Greenland surface ice cover melted more than at any time in 30 years of satellite observation. During that month, an estimated 97% of the ice sheet thawed.
The shutdown is projected to result in $10 billion in costs to the economy per week.
Sotomayor thinks "that ones sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."
Attorney General Eric Holders own Justice Department precleared the voting changes in the 2011 law about early voting in Florida.
Hillary Clinton said, with a straight face, that the terrorist attacks this weekend were caused by Donald J. Trump
Every Florida teacher gets a pay raise.
When you get a commercial pilots license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world.
Mitt Romneys platform ...wont protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families.
Georgia has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the country.	elections	mary-n			independent	0	0	0	0	0	a television interview 3666.json	false	On whether the federal debt limit should be raised	federal-budget	barack-obama	President	Illinois	democrat	70	71	160	163	9	an interview with George Stephanopoulos 4608.json	half-true	When George W. Bush was governor of Texas, the percentage uninsured went down. Under his successor, Rick Perry, its gone up.	children,health-care,new-hampshire-2012	mitt-romney	Former governor	Massachusetts	republican	34	32	58	33	19	a Republicam debate in Hanover, N.H. 11023.json	false	Says his book,The Art of the Deal,is the No. 1 selling business book of all time.	candidates-biography,job-accomplishments	donald-trump	President-Elect	New York	republican	63	114	51	37	61	remarks on CNN. 2096.json	half-true	Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt to be more conservative.	history,pundits,abc-news-week	george-will	Columnist	Maryland	columnist	7	6	3	5	1	a roundtable discussion on ABC's This Week 12853.json	true	Says Danny Tarkanian wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a womans right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest.	abortion	jacky-rosen		Nevada	democrat	0	0	0	0	0	a press release. 12670.json	pants-fire	Condemning violence against the police and urging support for the police is markedly absent from President Barack Obamas public remarks.	criminal-justice	william-johnson			organization	0	0	0	0	1	an interview on Fox News 1508.json	half-true	Florida leads the nation in elected officials charged with crimes."
An Obamacare slush fund paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats, then counted it as an anti-obesity campaign.
Says she made an accurate prediction that if Barack Obama were elected it would encourage Russia to invade Ukraine.
Says Steve Jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill.
McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, "who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"
Says that during the first 19 months of the Obama administration, the U.S. detained people from nations designated as state sponsors of terrorism on the southwestern border.
As a result of welfare reform, poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children.
Since the Fed was created in 1913, the U.S. Dollar has lost 98% of its purchasing power.
50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college.
In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
Medicare spends "$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."
On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise the top rate to 44.8 percent.
The Obama administration estimates the number of children at the border is going to increase to 150,000 to 200,000 next year.
Says Patrick Murphy advocated for cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
Says Alex Sink failed Florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices.
In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate.
This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country.
While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked.
In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)
Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs.
Weve rebuilt China.
Wisconsins attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs.
In Chicago, school is never canceled because of winter weather.
Weve lost 26 million jobs since (Obamas) been president.
There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think its a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy.
There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes.
Says Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block womens access to birth control.
The U.S. Senate has one manufacturer thatd be me.
Rick Perry accepted more stimulus funds than any other governor except the governors of California and New York.
I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' 
Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana.
Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror.
The Charleston, S.C., shootershould have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough.
When the governor announced his jobs budget, 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day.
A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
If you're a small business and don't "adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."
The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day.
Says Romney would add trillions to the deficit while Obama would cut the deficit by $4 trillion.
Says the Constitution only requires her to tell the census how many people are in our home.
It was President Obama's "inaction that caused over three weeks to go by before he even approved the governor's plan to protect our marsh."
Says Scott Walker eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession.
This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation.
Withheld union dues fund half of Dem (Democratic) campaigns in Florida.
All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply.
As a result of Chris Sununus vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, nearly 3,000 fewer women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams.
Harry Reid voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders.
Says Gov. Scott Walker has made Wisconsin 2nd in the nation in losing jobs.
Sen. Hutchison abandoned Republicans and stood with Democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly.
I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said, I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
Under Gov. Romneys definition ... Donald Trump is a small business.
Says when Bernie Sanders was in college, Sanders said something very similar to what conservative Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley had written as a college student in the 1990s -- that women have a legitimate role in date rape.
Theres only one candidate under investigation -- Terry McAuliffe.
Last year (the U.S. womens soccer team) generated $20 million more than the mens team and were paid almost four times less.
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined.
The Bush tax cuts helped to create a substantial part of the deficit.
Says Missouri needs a voter I.D. law because theres over 16 people in the state of Missouri who have been convicted of some type of voter fraud.
Says Connie Macks Penny Plan would cut over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense.
We rank 38th in wages. ... (Rick Scott) goes out around the country and advertises that to other states.
On the success of Cash for Clunkers
Says Donald Trump cashed in on Sept. 11,collecting $150,000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover even though days after the attack Trump said his properties were not affected.
Louisiana gets "not one single penny" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues.
Carol Shea-Porter wants to increase taxes on small business and job creators.
Says Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasnt popular.
Says our taxes have doubled with Rick Perry in office.
Says between 6 and 20 bicycles can be parked in the space required by one car.
The majority actually want single-payer health care.
Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.
Saudi Arabia is the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries where women cannot get licenses to drive.
With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens.
Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.
Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, doesnt even have a ZIP code.
Because of the new health care law, 17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition.
John McCain "opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork."
For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
On support for the auto bailouts.
Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls.
The health care plan for members of Congress "is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."
Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower.
Says Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan has worked as a prosecutor.
If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress.
I want to freeze interest rates for five years.
A regulatory thing means you cant show someone drinking beer on camera.
During her first four years in Washington Sen. Ayotte voted with the Koch brothers nearly 90 percent of the time.
Says award-winning Milwaukee Public Schools teacher Megan Sampson was laid off because Gov. Scott Walker cut state aid to education.
The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett.
Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet that would require links to opposing opinions.
He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security...
Says Rob Portman said the auto rescue was a lousy deal for Ohio.
Were broke. We dont have any more money.
The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
Just like Hillary Clinton, Russ Feingold had a run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation -- while plotting another run for U.S. Senate.
At least Obama didn't marry his cousin, as Giuliani did.
What is the maximum number of students allowed in your classroom? ... 30 or more!
This years state budget and my spending proposal for Fiscal Year 2016 represent an infusion of more than $1 billion in additional money for K-12 education.
In recent polling in battleground states, a majority of the people said Hillary Clinton is untrustworthy.
The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test.
America owns 3 percent of the worlds oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves.
I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn.
The United States has experienced 40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher.
Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent.
Says he said last year theres absolutely no reason for Texas to secede.
Says Hillary Clinton told the Des Moines Register on Aug. 8, 2015:I will get the NRA shut down for good if I become president. If we can ban handguns, we will do it.
Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely.
Mr. Hurt would re-open that darn (Medicare) doughnut hole.
Warren (Buffett) still does support me.
I didnt support Sonia Sotomayor.
The Islamic State, or ISIS, was cast off by al-Qaida because it was considered too extreme.
Were losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line because they cant get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration.
Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt.
While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan viewISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And thats just one country.
Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent.
Since 1999, 440 people have been killed in attacks on church property in the United States.
Its been 4 and a half years since the United States Senate passed a budget.
Health care reform: Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care.
A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
Says David Wu has presided over 137 months in which Oregons unemployment rate has been above the national average.
Just on the issue of immigration alone, it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between (Donald) Trump and Congressman (Joe) Heck.
White people control almost 90 percent of the nations wealth.
The incidents of threats against (President Barack Obama) are greater than for any other president in modern times.
Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations.
Since Obama took office, a net of 540,000 additional black Americans Obamas strongest supporters have lost their jobs.
Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!
Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
Says If Oregons Legislature simply authorizes $450 million for the CRC, it will leave Oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility.
Says the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit for the first time in decades.
Says the federal government tells health insurance companies how much money theyre allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent.
Since June 2009, about 48 percent of all the jobs created in America were in Texas.
The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has 2.8 students per faculty member, tied for second-lowest in its history since 1994.
In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage.
The Obama administration is proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obamas Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030.
Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. Thats more than credit card debt.
Health care reform legislation is likely to mandate free sex change surgeries.
Says that Sarah Palin and Craig Huey would ban a womans right to choose in every case
Says Wendy Davis, born into difficult circumstances, was the daughter of a single mother and a teenage mother herself.
''I have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race Republican or Democrat.''
We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job.
The average time someone used to hold a share of stock back in the 60s was eight years. Now, the average time is four months.
The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year.
Under a new law regulating abortions, Even if youre raped, if you dont report it in the first 30 days, the Republicans will force you to have an ultrasound.
Preventive care does not save the government money.
Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means NO future funding for our neighborhoods.
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour will destroy between half a million and one million jobs.
About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
Savannah is home to the fastest-growing port in the nation.
We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed.
There were more people at the Air and Space Museum than at a rally against the health care bills.
Says that as Providences mayor, David Cicilline said the city had a world-class school system. Not only did Providence not have a world-class school system but as measured, was amongst the last school system in the entire country.
The Bush tax cuts created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. Weve lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession.
Says Arizona congressional candidate Christine Jones called Hillary Clinton a capable and respected leader, and an effective secretary of state. ...Hillary Clinton effective? Christine Jones thinks so.
Milwaukee police use deadly force at a rate that is among the lowest in the country.
Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses."
An economic impact study found that for every $1 invested in pre-K in Pennsylvania, a total of $1.79 is generated in total spending within the state.
What we have done with the PATRIOT Act, weve given the government enormous powers. Weve given the government the right to reach deeply into peoples private lives, into their business affairs, without a court order.
Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion.
In Providence, R.I., its illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday.
Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, despite acknowledging that the EPAs cap-and-trade regulations are burdensome and could harm economic growth in Ohio.
Thompson "voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."
On three occasions, judges had to stop Jason Kander from manipulating elections.
If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change.
We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense.
Says Bernie Sanders has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA.
Heroin and prescription opioids are the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in Wisconsin.
Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.
Federal law for Obamacare navigators does not bar or even require screening for convicted felons, including individuals convicted of identity theft or fraud.
Youre more likely to be the victim of a violent crime in Milwaukee than in 96 percent of the country.
John Boozman is excited about putting a 23 percent national sales tax on everything you buy.
We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised.
Under Hosni Mubaraks rule, Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel.
There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication.
Says that President Obama said, Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?
The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person its 30 percent today.
We are the only major country on Earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right.
Says the money is in the budget to give a tax break to everyone, including people making more than $1 million.
Almost 100,000 people left Puerto Rico last year.
Says a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood.
Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, U.S. health care spending grew at 3.9 percent for the last three years, the lowest growth rate in over 50 years.
The border security plan of Sens. McCain and Kyl called for 3,000 additional troops to keep us safe. President Obama says hell send 524.
No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law
Because of the health care law, by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies.
Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed
To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldnt have spent $1 trillion."
We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down.
On transportation financing
Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, states would no longer have to lay off teachers, firefighters and police officers.
Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch did nothing to stop people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators.
Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.
Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace.
This is the worst jobs recovery since the Great Depression.
Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who has "represented the entire state of Georgia."
In Chile they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings.
Says Thomas Jefferson helped craft the Constitution.
Were making more than ever off oil and gas right now, but its no secret that oil production in Texas peaked in the 1970s.
It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country.
Says veterans disability claims backlog doubled in Obamas first term.
As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, Ive passed legislation that does so.
Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977.
We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.
The Nordic countries are some of the few countries that meet development aid goals.
Says in 2000, Fox News broke the story of George W. Bushs drunk driving arrest. Who broke it? Fox News.
Says in our region, 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded.
Says Fox News gave Republicansenators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about theIslamic State.
Seventy-four percent of Rhode Islanders support [a] national popular vote [for president] because they, as I, believe in one person-one vote.
Of all the people in federal prison for possession of illegal substances, 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States.
Social science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad.
Says Donald Trump has a long history of exporting jobs overseas.
It costs us, logistically, three times more to fight in Afghanistan than it does in any other place.
Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate.
Ive been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning.
Were the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote.
Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education
We dont have a (military) reserve force if something happens.
A school uniform policy helps with school safety, helps with truancy.
Says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is not a tax increase. Its a tax shift.
There isnt a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas.
Expanding Medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in Texas.
Says were losing one voter every 13 minutes.
Our debt to GDP ratios, our deficit to GDP ratios are quickly approaching the countries we have been reading about for the last year and a half. We are not far behind Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Spain and all these countries we have been reading about.
Says Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that could have been made here in America.
President Barack Obamas budget threatens national security by proposing an Army of fewer personnel than we had before Pearl Harbor.
Rick Santorum says Rick Perry requested 1,200 earmarks as governor of Texas.
Says Mitt Romney backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
The poverty level in the Dallas school district is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark.
Recent news reports indicate DWI crashes in Austin dropped 23 percent since ridesharing entered the market.
8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation.
In April 2009 the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent.
Says 25 percent of Austins public school buildings are underutilized.
In Ohio, we invested in our children, raising school funding by 5.5 percent in the last budget.
John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem.
Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security.
Says Jim Renacci ran against the Washington establishment in the election, but is now hypocritically embracing it with big money, special interest fundraisers.
If youre born poor, youre more likely to stay poor than any time in American history.
President Obama has said he is going to cut veterans benefits.
New energy standards will take away our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes.
Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission.
Says Alex Sink supported more taxes on water and TV.
On a single-payer healthcare system
This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nations military installations.
In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million.
The Dallas Cowboys cant put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.
On gay marriage
Today we stand as the highest-performing urban school district in America.
If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do.
The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship.
We had a press conference here that interestingly no one in the mainstream media covered.
Barack Obama supports plans to raise "income taxes ... payroll taxes."
You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day.
Last year, 244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm.
Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies.
We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America.
Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.
The Baucus health care bill "would drastically restrict the use of flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in order to help pay for health care reform."
For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that its our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.
Over the history of Austin, its always gotten more expensive.
Women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when John Kitzhaber was first elected governor.
Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women dont return to them for follow-up care
Huckabee "was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."
Dozens of artists, including Justin Timberlake, Jay Z and Rihanna, are canceling Florida shows like Stevie Wonder in protest of stand your ground.
Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare.
Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughters college tuition on just two weeks wages.
The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
Says when he was governor, Wisconsin cut unemployment to 2.1 percent and the states unemployment rate was the lowest in the country for 40 consecutive months.
Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches.
Theres no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections.
More than 32,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year.
Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans.
Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours.
Rob Portmans plan to tax, slash and privatize Social Security would devastate Ohioans.
When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no.
When LBJ started#WarOnPoverty, 14% of Americans lived in poverty. 50 yrs later, 14% still do. Theres a #BetterWay.
Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S.
Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history.
The $290 million structural surplus in the 2011-13 Wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that Congress will reinstate the estate tax.
Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago.
We know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad.
Weve seen more anti-womens choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than weve seen in the last three General Assemblies.
Heres the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.
Everyone on Californias roads is properly licensed, tested and insured.
The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state is clearly illegal. The Constitution says you cant take this stuff.
There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt.
59 percent of Americans today believe that Barack Obama is still a Muslim.
There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin.
Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else.
Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin.
Newt Gingrichs presidential campaign has exactly the same challenges as Ronald Reagans successful 1980 bid.
Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that.
Paul Ryans Medicare plan provides pretty much the same coverage that members of Congress receive.
Says 40 years ago, the U.S. placed Texas under Voting Rights Act for failing to print ballots in Spanish.
Says Ronald Reagan talked about converting the United States to the metric system.
Teenage births cost Texas taxpayers $1.1 billion in health care, foster careand lost tax revenue in 2010 alone.
The Koch Brothers are spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties in the 2016 elections.
Under Pat McCrory, (North Carolina) has fallen to 41st in teacher pay.
For NATO exercises, we dont have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Britsare spotting us choppers.
A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out theyre gay.
Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels.
Saystheres 400,000 anchor babies born in the United States a year, which areindividuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens.
Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools.
Says President Ronald Reagan had a month of job creation of 1 million.
A gallon (of gasoline) delivered to the front lines for our troops in Afghanistan cost more than $400.
We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low.
Says that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting, it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in America.
We spend $18 billion a year on making sure that the federal government has immigrant enforcement agents. Thats more than DEA and the ATF and the FBI and all the other enforcement (agencies) combined.
Says Rick Perry is spending more money than the state takes in, covering his deficits with record borrowing.
The health care law reduces the number of uninsured in America by 3 percent for how much money? $2 trillion.
U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of Obamacare.
Annual precipitation has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century.
The Texas Constitution still contains Jim Crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote.
Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin is backing President Barack Obamas plan to pass a $1.5 trillion tax increase.
Says this months special session will cost the state $27,300 a day just for legislators daily living expenses.
The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost every U.S. family $45,000.
Our whole food system in this country...most of it is genetically engineered. And (there is) no testing for the health consequences of this food.
Says Donald Trump, in his campaign announcement speech, also said, And many of them (Mexicans) are good people. You keep leaving that out of your quote.
Rather than work to secure the border, (Marco Rubio) supported Obamas amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.
Nationally, the unemployment rate for veterans is far greater than the national unemployment rate, and Wisconsin is one of those rare examples where unemployment is actually lower for veterans than it is for the population as a whole and certainly lower than it is nationally.
Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding.
Says last year the graduation rate for our combined six-district footprint jumped 5.5 percent.
Virginia is the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases.
Paul Ryans budget keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits.
$100,000 in stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse.
After prenatal diagnosis, 90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted.
Says Donald Trump claimed our armed forces are a disaster.
Says his father-in-law, former Gov. Linwood Holton, integrated Virginia public schools.
The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades.
Marco Rubio voted against funding health clinics that provide critical care during this public health emergency (Zika).
Immigrants are more fertile.
Steve Santarsiero wrote PAs Gun Safety Law.
The firefighters, the policemen and others who supported (Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker) in his election bid ... dont have to worry about their collective bargaining rights.
(Stimulus money) went to critically important projects like studying ants in Africa.
One in five women in the military are receiving unwanted sexual contact, as are 3.3 percent of men.
The Milwaukee County Boards staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers a lot more, while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period.
Says Hillary Clintons plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes.
John Faso took money from fossil fuel companies as they tried to take your land by eminent domain for a fracked gas pipeline.
Some of the colleges, including AM, have already guaranteed that they will not increase their tuition.
Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich got lucky with a thing called fracking, which is why Ohio is doing well.
Ron Oakleys conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats as theWater Management Districts budget decreased by 58 percent in the four years he served on the board.
Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crists appointments of key state judges.
The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
13 percent of Americans, the lowest ever, are without health care.
In the United States, weve had 12 years in a row of wages declining.
Im the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time theres a death of someone in police custody.
On public financing of his campaign.
Says that in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date.
Says a Senate resolution would restore $140 in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime.
A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that untrained individuals would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.
Faced with $1 million in campaign debt, Scott Walker is unloading his campaign security costs onto the backs of Wisconsin taxpayers.
Says President Barack Obama carried Congressional District 13 by 8.2 points in 2008 and 5.6 points in 2012.
Says that had E-Verify been in place in Florida when 9/11 terrorists lived here, we might have saved the lives of 3,000 Americans.
Thomas Jefferson created the Marines for the Islamic pirates that were happening.
Says over 50 percent of U.S. job growth in June came from Wisconsin.
An aide acted on his own and was not representing the Thompson campaign when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin.
Says Scott Walker said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was just a cool thing.
Says high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs.
We continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five, six times a day.
Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrichs tax plan goes to the top 1 percent.
How many concerts would Taylor Swift have to perform to pay off one day of interest on our national debt? She would have to perform every day for three years.
Florida has issued more than 3 million conceal carry permits in the past 30 years. Only 168 have been revoked.
Says New Jersey lost private-sector jobs between 2000 and 2009 because Democrats increased taxes, fees, regulations and state spending.
While states used to have regulatory power over fishing, federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep.
Says Arizona congressional candidate Ray Strauss is a Champion of Big Government for his votes to raise taxes while on the local city council.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration.
Today, the United States has, sadly, one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth.
Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733.
We will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor.
Georgia legislation on immigration is a copycat of an Arizona immigration bill.
Paul Ryan cut embassy security in his budget by $300 million below what we asked for.
Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher.
Kelly Ayotte voted to give big oil more than $20 billion in tax breaks.
Says TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages.
The nations food supply is 99.99 percent safe.
New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth.
More than 100,000 women in Texas have attempted to self-induce abortion in the past year alone.
This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word lunatic from federal law.
Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000.
I left the city with $43 million in the bank.
When you have 8,000 veterans a year committing suicide, then you have a serious problem.
In 2002, Iran was more or less an American ally.
Americans invented the automobile.
At the same time gas prices have increased, the share of the oil market controlled by speculators has more than doubled over the past 10 years.
Every 20 seconds, a child dies because they lack access to clean water and sanitation.
We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973.
I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities.
Says Mitt Romney has said we dont need more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.
A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone.
Young women, account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa.
Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out of committee.
My campaign finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign.
Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age.
Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ...shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon.
In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry flew to five cities at taxpayers expense, holding press conferences, delivering $2,325,000 in checks.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has no problem with raising taxes.
Says his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you.
Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
The Milwaukee County executive can sell the public museum, the airport and the zoo -- all on his own, without County Board approval
U.S. Rep. Allen West wants to bring back earmarks.
Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi.
Says President Barack Obama built this $16 trillion debt.
Bill Clinton presided over the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II.
If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers.
Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers.
Immigrants start businesses at a faster rate; they seem to grow those businesses more successfully.
No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power a record unmatched by other fuels.
As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes.
We now do have evidence that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
Says Rep. Tammy Duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending, size and reach of the IRS.
One out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there.
Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country.
Says state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants.
Says when he was governor, most of the Democrats voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin voted against it.
The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight is not amnesty.
Big Oil gave Scott Brown $454,260.
Doctors kill about 250,000 people a year in botched surgeries.
On deporting illegal immigrants.
Obama "closed offshore tax safe havens."
The largest number of gamblers are from the poorest segments of the population.
The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent.
Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax.
Says Marco Rubio voted to deport young people known as Dreamers.
The town of Cumberland has its highest bond rating in history.
Says Gov. Chris Christies decision to close the Elizabeth MVC saved no money.
Over 20 percent of the electorate is Hispanic in Florida.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters.
Says opponents of proposed Austin school district bonds say the districts debt load doubles with these new bonds.
George Allen voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students.
For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world.
Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada.
The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night.
Says a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years.
When mentioning Villanovas buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: I love those come-from-behind victories.
There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns.
Says Scott Walker is forcing some women to undergo a transvaginal probe to get an abortion.
David Perdue opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women.
Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans.
Says he cut 'tax rates five times'
Youve got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama.
Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches do not move presidential approval numbers.
The Pentagon made up the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.
During the 2005 fight over Social Security, there were noisy demonstrations but they were outside the events, and opponents were not disruptive crowds booed lines they didnt like, but that was about it.
Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue.
Wisconsin is dead last in income growth among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walkers term.
Says that hes responsible for Austinincluding Anderson Mill Road in the citys proposed transportation bond package.
Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans.
Certainly were going to be the most restrictive state in the land in terms of who can get medical marijuana, how it will be prescribed and how it will be achieved in terms of moving it into the marketplace.
Says the mayors job is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we dont have, we dont say yes even if CH2M Hill wants us to.
Says Barack Obamas approval rating is right in the average for second-term presidents at this point.
For the past year, I was censored and muzzled.
Since 2009, after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent.
Says its an old wives story that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly.
By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War.
If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye.
Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama.
I have always said that I would be for drilling.
Social Security was advocated in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country.
The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is rigged.
America is No. 1one in oil and gas.
The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian.
Right now we are spending at an all-time high, close to 25 percent of our GDP [is] being spent on the federal government. But our revenues are at an almost all-time low of about 15 percent [of GDP].
Jim Renacci voted repeatedly to end Medicare.
Congressional Republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics, but zero on job creation.
I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record.
SaysGov. John Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohios economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth.
Obama's plan to raise the capital gains tax "hurts the middle class."
The percent of students who enter high school and eventually earn a diploma or equivalent, or who remain in pursuit of a diploma or equivalent, is 90 percent.
Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor.
The United States has a record number of abortions year after year after year.
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp is a "career politician."
Regulations are an endemic weakness in government -- so old that Thomas Jefferson listed this problem among his charges against the King of England in the Declaration of Independence.
Wisconsin education agency urged white students to wear white wristbands as a reminder about your (white) privilege.
Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists.
Americans now support strikes (against ISIS) but the support for ground troops is not there. The support is very thin.
Says legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip mother and father from future Texas birth certificates.
Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for people making over 350 grand than for the average middle-class person.
Says Milwaukee blacks have 55 percent male unemployment, 60 percent truancy, a 50 percent graduation rate, the worst reading scores and lead in infant mortality.
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence advocated diverting taxpayer dollars to so-called conversion therapy.
Congressman Bill Young voted to cut taxes for millionaires and end your Medicare.
Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance.
Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else.
Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, its closer to 26 percent.
Republican challenger Bill Flores "has never once voted in a general election in our district."
So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010.
We dont need a separate (prescription drug) database ... Pharmacies already have a database in place.
Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, Hey, youre not going to succeed.
Says Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison took 154 private flights all funded by taxpayers though commercial flights were readily available at a fraction of the cost.
The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government.
The General Assembly has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us.
Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
Says Marco Rubio said that people who essentially dont agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann.
For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it.
The newly proposed House Republican budget abolishes Medicare within 10 years.
Says Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have "new solutions" to the energy crisis.
Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been fighting hard to let illegal immigrants vote.
Says Lincoln Chafee settled a union strike by giving the teachers a 19-percent-raise.
(Newt Gingrich) voted in favor of establishing the Department of Education, and yet he gets in a debate and says we should get rid of the Department of Education and send all the education issues back to the states.
My opponent in November of 2008 sent a missive to the White House, to President Obama-elect, and said, Heres how you need to sell cap-and-trade to the American people.
Last year, Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour.
The Obama administration "was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."
Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today.
Two-thirds of American families rely on the mothers income to stay above the poverty level.
Switzerland (where the government) issues every household a gun . . . has the lowest gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world!!!
Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin unemployments up from 4.8% to 6.2%
For six years, I served our community as a conservative state legislator. In every one of those years, I helped balance the state's budget.
Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions.
Since being elected in 2002, Scott Walker has given back over $370,000 of his salary to the county.
25 percent of our economy is the financial sector.
US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%.
John McCain would "reduce oversight of health insurance."
The presidents budget would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK.
Says Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
Obama promised to cut the deficit by half by the end of his first term but he hasnt even come close.
During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000.
Do you know those former Soviet Bloc countries have all moved to flat taxes?
Says Texas public school funding grew three times the rate of enrollment from 2002 to 2012.
When I became president and CEO of Godfathers Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles.
Since Sept. 11, 2001, 270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home.
McCain is "selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"
When Mitt Romney was governor, the fact is that the average income for a family in Massachusetts went up by $5,500.
Obama "has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."
We dont have any chess grandmasters in the United States.
A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down.
By eliminating the public intervenors office, I was the first one to fire Kathleen Falk.
The Iran deal trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves.
In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
Under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states.
Says Barack Obama is a socialist.
Say Ohio Reps. Marcia Fudge, Marcy Kaptur and Dennis Kucinich are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
Sen. Jim Webb persists on negating Sen. Mark Warners votes
Africa is spending the highest percentage of their GDP on education of any part of the world.
Says Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.
The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city.
Says combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter.
Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies.
Joe Straus is the first Jewish speaker of the Texas House.
Says Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times.
Our tax code is so complicated it extracts $140 billion in extra tax preparation costs every year - one thousand dollars for every American family.
Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year on tax preparation.
Says Barack Obama has gone from blaming George W. Bush to plagiarizing George W. Bush.
Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare.
Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should encourage Japan to get nuclear weapons.
California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, "gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount" effort in 2000.
The Mack Penny Plan for the federal budget would balance our budget by 2019 and continues to gain support.
Obamas secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon.
Says black women are fastest-growing demographic group in ... Texas seeking concealed handgun licenses.
Says that Rick Santorum voted for the unions over FedEx.
Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and "that's a loss for you."
We spend less on defense today as % of GDP than at any time since Pearl Harbor.
On reconciliation
Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions from the demise of Global Crossing.
My opponent was on both the city of Chicago payroll and the state of Illinois payroll simultaneously, taking full salary, funding her full pension benefits both as a city worker and as a state worker for 10 years.
Fifty percent of Americans will go hungry at some time in their lives.
There are 278 Republicans in Congress. (With Eric Cantors defeat), they are now all Christian and all white except for one black senator, who was appointed.
Says New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says we can only have three bullets and the NRA wants firearms with nukes on them.
On assault weapon violence: Ducks have more protection than people in Virginia.
There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians dont want our money.
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
Whats clear is (Romney) likes firing people.
Says Donald Trumps plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would get a $53 billion tax break.
In Massachusetts, Scott Browns Republican affiliation is not a secret, but clearly not on display.
There are 3 million jobs available in America that are not filled because too many of our people dont have the skills for those jobs.
Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets.
Gov. Scott Walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a 5.4 percent raise for himself.
From 05 to 09, weve had 1,100 soldiers commit suicide, one every 36 hours.
Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods.
We have a governor whos vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut.
The premiums on Medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan.
Statistics show you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxi driver in Austin than a driver for a ride-hailing service.
Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he votes about 66 percent with his own party.
The Mormon religion has "a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy."
When Disney was looking to build Disney World, they came to Miami and we told Disney to take a hike.
Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history.
SayPresident George W. Bush borrowed $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back.
Lois Frankel spent over $13,000 in taxpayer money on a marble shower in a private bathroom with her own toilet.
The lack of an automatic braking system that could have prevented the Philadelphia Amtrak crash wasnt driven by a lack of funding. It just takes a while. They (Congress) just passed it in the recent past.
Says the California flag was supposed to be apear, not a bear.
We now know these firms areunwilling to put up any private money, for Californias high-speed rail project.
The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman dont even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee. I just experienced that myself. Theyre not nearly as good.
Says Obama called Israel "a constant sore" that infects U.S. foreign policy.
It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay.
Weve had a dramatic drop in violent crime since this law (stand your ground) has been in effect.
Weve seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home.
The U.S. Postal Service doesnt run on your tax dollars. Its funded solely by stamps and postage.
For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs.
The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
Weve broken by millions the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
Says legislative debate of airport pat-down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures.
In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, one of the worst voting records in Congress.
NASCAR endorsed Trump
Says any attempt to try to compare the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did.
Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures.
The Democrats in the Senate last year introduced a constitutional amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment.
The majority of Americans are conservatives.
Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago.
By releasing only basic tax information, former U.S. Congressman Nathan Deal is hiding more than hes disclosed about his business dealing with the state.
More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent.
I didn't endorse the federal stimulus bill.
No one in Rhode Island -- not just children, no one in Rhode Island -- should eat more than one serving of freshwater fish caught in our state each month.
After they bought GST Steel, Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy.
If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space.
Says that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton had one line on the Palestinian people.
Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers? Fox viewers, consistently, every poll.
Congress secured special Obamacare rules to prevent their healthcare costs from rising.
Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased.
If you're over 65 years old in America today, you have no choice but to be in Medicare. Even if you want out of Medicare, you have to forfeit your Social Security to get out of it.
Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs.
Says Obama refuses to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Wisconsin now ranks among the top 10 states for out-migration.
Superdelegates have never been a determining factor in who our nominee is since theyve been in place since 1984.
The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job.
PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress.
The governments twice the size it was 10 years ago. Its 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president.
We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine.
It costs more money to put a person on death row than it does to lock them up for the rest of their lives because of attorney fees.
Says President Barack Obama appointed Eric Holder as attorney general. Eric Holder said he viewed his mission as brainwashing the American people against guns.
Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester is the largest recipient of lobbyist money.
Says Gov. Rick Perry has never held a private-sector job.
Lee Zeldin missed 2/3rds of Veterans Affairs Hearings
Sen. McCain would occupy Iraq indefinitely, against their wishes.
A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are being apprehended at the border.
Says Rick Perry co-chaired Al Gores campaign for president.
If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, theyre overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states.
Were already bombing seven countries.
Says President Barack Obamas proposed budget includes two new tax increases that would collect about $14 billion.
The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs.
We also have, in a park thats not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta.
Homosexual behavior cuts your lifeby about 20 years.
As far as standing committees, we have 10 fewer standing committees. So weve saved the state about a quarter-of-a-million dollars through the reduction of the standing committees.
Every day, about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia.
Barack Obama's health care plan is "to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."
The proposed education changes "will not cut one teacher's pay."
For the first time ever, we completely funded the critical needs waiting list so persons with unique abilities can get the help they need.
We never had an earthquake in Youngstown until John Kasich was elected Governor,
Says Newt Gingrich supports amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Says he never said he would keep education funding the same.
Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all.
Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before The Wizard of Oz hit the movie theaters.
Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15 million Americans out."
The Obama administrations own Environmental Protection Agency has said its Clean Power Plan will have a marginal impact on climate change.
A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans.
Wendy Davis was just doing a fund-raiser in Chicago with the international socialists organization.
The alternative to higher state worker pension and health care payments is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs.
Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan
Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent.
A statewide poll showing 76 percent support and other surveys are a strong indicator of broad public support in Milwaukee County for a $10.10 minimum wage
Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
President Obama and Democrats spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our countrys AAA credit rating.
The fastest-growing part of the Pentagons budget are health care expenses.
We have over 300 state agencies. Forty-five of those agencies are related to health care.
Says he voted for disaster relief and full funding of FEMA.
Immigrants have captured all of the nearly 9 million jobs created since 2000.
In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law.
Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending. They never paid for their tax cuts.
I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions...
After how hard you work and how much you pay in taxes, New York City ends up getting the money. Im Chris Jacobs. I think its time we have someone in Albany thats making sure our region gets our fair share
(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy.
Before the HOPE scholarship, 70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia.
The firefighter and police officer pension system is not headed for bankruptcy, far from it. Thats because New Jersey first responders -- fire fighters and police officers -- have never missed making payments to the retirement system.
When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps.
Rhode Island: 3% bigger at low tide.
Says she introduced a ban on "dirty dancing."
President Obamas uncle and aunt are illegal aliens ... whove been allowed to stay in this country.
Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.
Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier.
Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required "universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."
Was Martha Kanter dispatched to Corvallis with $17 million in stimulus money to save Craig Robinsons job?
Says Hillary Clinton has taken hundreds of millions from those countries where women are stoned, where women are killed for adulteryand women cant drive.
Says former state Sen. Kelli Ward wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona.
(Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks.
Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil.
When President AbrahamLincoln signed his Emancipation Proclamation, there were over 300,000 slaveholders who were fighting in the Union army.
The State of Texas is funding womens health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists.
Virginias banning of felons from voting is a Jim Crow-era law.
Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope.
Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare.
Remember that developers are forced to use the 195 land union contractors, so tap an extra $10 million into any construction project.
We have constitutional amendment that says that there's a ban on drilling right off Florida's coast.
Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May.
Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected.
Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending.
In Sauk City, Wisconsin, the ID office that provides identification for voting is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month -- a total of four days in 2016.
Crist stays in $2,000 a night luxury hotel suites where he racks up $1,300 in mini-bar charges, and doesn't pay for a dime of it himself.
Guns have murdered more Americans here at home in recent years than have died on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan.
Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color.
There was a report that came out from the FBI a warning, not a report ... saying that, in fact, al-Qaida was planning to attack malls during the Christmas holidays.
In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, hewent on to say he doesnt trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.
Alison Alter has exploited a campaign finance loophole to obtain over $64,000 in public dollars to fund her campaign.
Says Ted Cruz said: While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggars transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other.
Says Mitt Romney runs away from Ronald Reagan.
The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
Says proponents of a bond package for the Austin school district say the district has the second-lowest bond tax rate among the Central Texas area school districts.
To deprive underprivileged children of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day.
Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the states rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
The insurance industry is actually run by mostly Democrats.
Says Donald Trump spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly.
As the Democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card Monday, Kurt Schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long-term solution.
Perdue mismanaged Pillowtex, and nearly 8,000 people got laid off.
In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get drivers licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down.
As a percentage of our gross domestic product, the defense budget remains just 3.6 percent. This figure is low by all historical standards.
Says the federal government borrows almost $60 billion per week.
Says Robert Menendez is the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I havent raised any Wall Street money at all.
Says Marcy Kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the Air Force, showing disrespect for veterans.
Only nine coalition nations with the U.S. are truly actively involved in fighting the Islamic State.
Says President Barack Obama said when we got bin Laden, terrorism problem solved.
The Wisconsin Legislature raised taxes more than $5 billion in 2009.
Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet.
We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy.
Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
Says Mitt Romney was clear that he would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy.
We defied the stand-down orders during the Benghazi attack.
For the last decade the climate has been cooling.
Says the states new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions ability to negotiate.
A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans.
On running a civil and polite campaign
Says Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 I pay in property taxes per year.
In about three weeks over a half million Floridians are going to lose their coverage again through Obamacare.
The city of Pembroke Pines doesnt have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
Says theres not much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything.
Says President Barack Obama gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years.
Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
North Korea has a substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world.
Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon.
Says her actions as Wisconsin commerce secretary brought the state 84,000 more Wisconsin jobs than we have today.
The government will go out and buy my breast pump for my babies.
Says the 2012-13 state budget leaves $6 billion in a rainy day fund.
The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin.
Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America.
Turkey is an Arab country.
Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year.
If every small business in our state, on average, was able to create one new job we would cut our unemployment rate in half.
The most private question on this years form asks for an individuals race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington.
Goodwill Industries International pays workers with disabilities wages as low as pennies per hour.
Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states.
Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack was coming. So they did have advanced notice.
Says the Texas Education Agency follows up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in-state tuition at Texas colleges are applying for permanent residency.
Race to the Top grants require participating states to adopt the Common Core standards as a condition for receiving federal funding.
We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
Some businesses in Oregon are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law.
A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
Say water fluoridation started in Nazi Germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the Jews.
David Perdue said hed raise taxes.
Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons.
Jesus was an undocumented immigrant.
Less than 1 percent of all the education dollars that we spend are spent on private (school) voucher programs.
Since taking office in January 2011, the rainy day fund has increased by 226 percent.
Marco Rubio was "subpoenaed."
Figures for September 2014s job growth in Wisconsin mark the largest private-sector job creation weve had in the month of September in more than a decade
The Rev. Wright compared "the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."
Says an investigative report concluded Ken Cuccinelli should have been prosecuted for disclosure violations, but Virginias law was too weak.
Cheney is disagreeing with President Bush's policy. President Bush stated repeatedly to international audiences and to the country that he wanted to close Guantanamo.
The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell.
The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs.
If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world.
George Allens flat tax plan would actually shrink revenues further thanthe Perry (flat tax) plan.
Milwaukees police chief can fire officers for basically no cause.
When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary, Wisconsin saw billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage.
Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions.
The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries.
More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured.
Were now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. Weve surpassed Saudi Arabia.
In reality, there have been no problems whatsoever with the Texas voter ID law.
Says $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is less than $1 billion in real cuts.
There hasnt been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years.
Republicans made it easier to buy a gun in states they won in 2010.
A new college tuition reciprocity agreement with Minnesota makes college education more affordable for Wisconsin residents.
This generation, on average, is starting their careers, if theyve been to a four-year college, with just under $30,000 in debt.
Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children.
Says 7,000 millionaires gamed the system to pay no income taxes.
The number of new businesses started per year has dropped by 100,000 during this presidents term.
Says Nevada state Sen. Michael Roberson forced Common Core for Nevada schools.
Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida.
Says the Republican state convention is actually larger than the Republican National Convention.
More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Ken Hodges badly botched this investigation and, as a result, justice wasnt done in this case.
When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
In the last couple of days, notices were sent (by officials in Ukraine) to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews.
Says a Lubbock terror suspects alleged plan to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives is similar to a 1995 plot to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean.
Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died.
When Charlie Crist was elected governor, Florida ranked 31st in K-12 education. "Last year ... we went from 31st to 14. And this year, the top 10 in America."
Tim Pawlenty has cut education funding in Minnesota. Classrooms are overcrowded. Districts have gone to four-day school weeks.
I started with a $3.7 billion budget deficit. Now we are projecting a $1.2 billion surplus.
Clayton County offers the lowest operating millage rate in Metro Atlanta.
Says Sheldon Whitehouse said on Senate floor: Everybody in Rhode Island who disagrees with me about Obamacare is an Aryan, is a white supremacist.
New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices.
Elizabeth Townsend runs the elections office that omitted a school board race on a ballot and gave a School Board candidate faulty advice.
We have unemployment that rivals the Great Depression.
Surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid.
Santorum also voted for a teapot museum in North Carolina.
Air travelers cant get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check on them.
Appalachian Power Company is making record profits.
Every year there is a slightly smaller percentage of American households owning guns.
As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it.
Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
Giving the facts: 73,000 jobs created ... since 11. Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry? 1,800.
There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms.
Soy ... el nico official estatal quin es un hombre de negocios.
Mitt Romney is tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house.
State employees havent received a raise in five or six years.
Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, 86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math.
Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats.
If youre earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
Says New Jersey has the highest unemployment rate in the region and stagnant job growth.
When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon.
A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.
The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
Barack Obama said "people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan" then said "if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."
Says, Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent.
Planned Parenthood raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years.
There are 850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry.
There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K., compared to 466 violent crimes per 100,000 in the United States.
New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big citys.
Says unemployment tripled in Dane County due to Kathleen Falks tax policies
The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.
Joe Biden brought Republicans and Democrats together to pass the 1994 crime bill, putting 100,000 cops on the streets and starting an eight-year drop in crime across the country.
The cost of fire in Rhode Island is anywhere from 33 percent to 100 percent more expensive than anywhere else we could find.
RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country.
Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have always been made in Wisconsin,but Scott Walker is outsourcing themto an out-of-state company and paying more money for them.
While she was mayor, Lois Frankel took a police helicopter ride to go to a dinner party.
Says that Starbucks took Christmas off of their brand new cups.
We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line.
Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires.
On Syria, alot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off.
Says pension contributions under Gov. Chris Christie would represent 75 percent of the total contribution made between the years 1995 and 2010. Thats right, in 15 years, total state contribution was only $2.1 billion.
Taxpayers are on the hook ... for less than a third of the proposed new Atlanta Falcons stadium, and those funds are repaid from money that comes from outsiders.
Says Governor-elect Scott Walkers choice as transition team leader killed the release of a damaging report on Walkers record in the days leading up to the election.
Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military.
Says crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on whether Senate Democrats would seat Roland Burris.
Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
Says Hillary Clintoninsists that when the progressive agenda encounters religious beliefs to the contrary, those beliefs have to be changed.
Were the worst state in the country at moving people from welfare to work.
We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.
Ninety percent of the job growth in Virginia has been in the private sector.
The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck. But unlike car owners, students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates.
Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen maybe about 10 inches since that time.
Jason Carter actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate.
Texas ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies.
Mike Pence voted against expanding the Childrens Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start.
Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies they couldnt inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them.
Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get most of the deductions in the tax code.
The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S.
Since Florida passed the stand your ground law in 2005, deaths due to self-defense have jumped over 250 percent.
Florida has the third most-regressive tax structure.
The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states.
Obama admits he is not a citizen.
Says his campaign has released his past tax returns.
The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN).
Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a completely government-controlled health care system that goes far beyond Obamacare and is a Medicare system for all.
13,000 Floridians are able to vote -- but their governor wont tell them.
St. Pete Beachs local version of Amendment 4 resulted in seemingly endless lawsuits (that) decimated the citys legal budget and forced the city to raise the property tax rate.
The incoming Republican freshman class well, its no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before.
Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. Its documented. Its available.
Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce.
Less than 10 percent of President Barack Obamas Cabinet members have private-sector experience.
Debbie Jackow unlike her opponent ...WILL NOT de-fund the 20/20 land program.
Surface temperatures on Earth have stabilized.
Alex Sink used a taxpayer-funded plane so she could get to a vacation in the Bahamas.
In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000 and in2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off.
McCollum admitted he didn't think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal, telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that 'it's not the end of the world.' 
Says GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a compromise vote that cost $788 million in higher electricity costs.
Says Rick Perry wrote a newspaper item saying he was open to amnesty for illegal immigrants in the United States.
The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget.
Says Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen knew about (the Ken Kratz sexting) case for nearly a year and did nothing about it.
In the 1950s and 1960s, the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty.
In President Barack Obamas 2015 State of the Union address, the words al-Qaida were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001.
Says Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns.
When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there, nobody, to greet him -- perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One.
According to ATF data, 70 percent of firearms recovered and traced in drug cartel crimes in Mexico originated from the United States.
Michael Thurmond authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgias senior citizens and working families.
Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made.
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed held not one conversation with the public about the new Falcons stadium project
The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006.
There really isnt any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders.
Weve caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.
Says theres no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater.
Says Donald Trump has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president.
Says EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations.
Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms.
Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, thats probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.
If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed.
I lost my health insurance and my doctor because of Obamacare.
Says she was the first in her family to go to a four-year college.
Obamacare puts the federal government between you and your doctor.
Says Rep. John Katko promised he wouldnt vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since hes been in office hes done that four times
Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.
The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion.
John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
Nationwide tuition at public universities is up almost 300 percent ... in the last 20 years.
As a senator, Hillary Clinton paid women less than the men in her office.
Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country.
The U.N. Arms Treatyinfringes upon our right to keep and bear arms.
Says the unemployment rate for African-American youths is 59 percent.
A third of the budget for the city of Ferguson (Missouri) was being reaped by civil fines.
Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973 and the average worker is making what they were making in 1996.
The most significant driver of out-migration [from Rhode Island] is the estate tax.
Says he forced Washington to open up the Arctic Ocean to oil drilling.
Jason Kander supports [Obamas] plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to U.S. soil.
Says Eric Cantor was the co-author of the House GOP principles on immigration reform. Both the New York Times and the Washington Postsaid that thatcaptured the essence of what was in the Senate immigration bill.
Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
Elena Kagan "violated the law of the United States at various points" with her opposition to military recruiters.
About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine dont work.
Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one.
Operating a health care exchange would be illegal in Georgia and some states because of legislation passed in those states.
Re: (Marco) Rubios support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million.
The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employees in the United States government.
In Romneys first budget (in Massachusetts), he cut $248.7 million from K-12 education.
Wendy Davis opposes any limits on abortion.
Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who cant afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties.
Paul Ryan got his start in politics, as a young staffer just out of college, working for then-Congressman John Kasichs Budget Committee.
U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss votes more with Democrats than with conservatives.
John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.
Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say I was justified in disclosing this information. There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act.
Says As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars.
On resigning from the Texas Railroad Commission.
Under Obamacare, members of Congress are required to purchase their health insurance from the new exchanges.
Says Jeanne Shaheen voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax.
On supporting the eventual Republican presidential nominee
On mandating health care coverage.
Say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on Sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities.
Says 94 percent of (Marco Rubios) constituents support a universal background check.
The numbers of people that support Obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping.
Says Texas wildfires are linked to climate change.
More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office.
Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
Congressman Duffy has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCains health insurance tax."
In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year.
A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country.
Says Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs.
McCain opposed the border fence.
You cant pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes.
Says its a statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, cant get a job, and if it werent for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death.
Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
Obama would "experiment with socialism."
About 230,000 people that were on unemployment when I took office are not on unemployment now.
I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
A hidden provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
Scott Walkers school-aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found 47 kids in a classroom.
A married couple that use the same last name is rarer and rarer in our country.
Extending current tax rates would average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires.
Women in Barack Obamas White House are earning less than men.
Says President Barack Obama has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost in modern times.
Says the health care law rations care, like systems in Canada and Great Britain.
After hearing the frustrations parents and teachers have with the FCAT, next year we begin improving our testing system.
Says that when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent.
About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite when the sales tax was enacted in the 30s.
A proposed revenue smart cap gives Floridians a voice, requiring a 60 percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax, fee, license, fine, charge or assessment.
Says 1,000 World War II veterans die every day.
Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
The mega-rich pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot.
Half the kids coming out of college this year cant find a job, or a job thats consistent with a college degree.
Historically, Senate ratification of arms control treaties has been bipartisan.
If Congress fails to act, the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations.
Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation.
Georgia spends in the top 10 nationally on education, yet, most of our education metrics hover in the bottom five.
In Wisconsin, a second arrest for carrying pot is a felony, but a second or subsequent arrest for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor.
The Declaration of Independence was written on paper made out of hemp.
Says the giant African land snail carries human meningitis.
Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience.
Crime is down in Arizona.
Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's "lawn is overgrown" or if a dog is "barking too loudly."
I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002. I opposed the war in 2003. I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006.
Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsins school voucher program could cost nearly $2 billion annually
Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV.
More than 80 percent of Georgians dont support legislation to ease gun restrictions in houses of worship, in bars and on campuses.
Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it.
The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs.
Terry McAuliffe wants to raise your taxes $1,700 to pay for his infinite promises.
Glenn Hegar promised to eliminate the property tax.
About 40 percent of workers dont ... have a single paid sick day.
Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would eliminate the guarantee of Medicare.
ICE just endorsed me.
I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. You dont learn much in a tax return.
25% of human trafficking victims are located in Texas.
Theres nothing in the [RhodeMap RI] plan that takes away local government control and local zoning control.
The Obama administration even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!
Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
99% of NJ voters do NOT support hunting.
Says he banned texting while driving in Austin.
Georgia is one of only five states where breweries cant sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
The IRS is going to be in charge of our health care.
Says Greg Abbott has lost in court four times in just the past few days.
Says state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, didnt pay taxes
Says Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs.
Says large majority of Republicans believe Obama is a Muslim and not U.S.-born.
During his first year, President Obama said he was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez the worst actors in the world.
The U.S. unemployment rate has been massaged, its been doctored.
For anybody whos trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed.
Oregon Rep. Tina Kotek, D-Portland, has never held a job nor run a business
More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant.
The Internal Revenue code has ballooned to a 5,600-page, 4 million-word complicated mess that is seven times as long as the Bible with none of the good news.
Says Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term.
In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats got outspent in a Republican district.
Says constitutional amendment would help to stop unfair, double taxation on real estate.
Congress decision to spend less around the world on embassy security contributed to tragedies like Benghazi.
Gov. Rick Perry used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget.
I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does.
Says the Koch brothers funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now theyre spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them.
The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down.
The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes). ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.
Salaries for URI faculty are second to last among New England land grant universities and in lowest 20 percent of major U.S. research institutions
Over 97 percent of the scientific community believe that humans are contributing to climate change.
Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years.
Says she called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight early on in the financial crisis.
On hearings about automatic citizenship provision in U.S. Constitution.
After the shootings of Dallas policemen, nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days.
Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no.
My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's.
Says Missouri families earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century.
The geography of poverty has changed fundamentally in the last 15 years, with more of it concentrated in fragile and conflict states.
Says the mandate is 71 times that a childs body will be injected with a disease for immunizations.
Last year, I stopped an Obamacare bailout and saved taxpayers $2.5 billion.
When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel.
The National Park Service has an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin.
The vast majority of minimum wage workers get a raise within a year.
Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs.
Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions on health care.
The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined.
Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester.
Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not.
Rhode Island has the the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States.
Says PolitiFact says Amendment 4 will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees.
For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year.
Most of Ted Cruzs money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas.
Says businesses already pay most of the taxes.
The Keystone oil pipeline would employ 20,000 people in the United States.
In 2005 and 2007, Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League).
Karen Handel would have felt like it was OK to go in and abort Sarah Palins son Trig, who has Down syndrome.
The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state.
Marriage decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent.
Barack Obama and the Democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health insurance."
Lets start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.
The Islamic State just built a hotel in Syria.
New Jersey has the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average.
Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?
The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009.
Says the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted Happy International Womens Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions.
Says Hillary Clinton once wanted a wall on the Mexican border.
Californias Capitol building is second only to Disneyland, among visitor sites in the state.
Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
Says Sherrod Browns campaign attacked Josh Mandels military service
Says federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
We have a guy who is going to be speaker of the House in four years, and his name has been on the ballot one time.
Says bus riders subsidize the expensive, romanticized Leander-to-Austin train.
A tax on soda and juice drinks would disproportionately increase taxes on low-income families in Philadelphia.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where low-income voters live.
When housing and transportation costs are combined, Atlantas cost of living -- typically perceived as relatively low -- ranks as 7th worst out of 51 metros nationally.
Under Rick Scott, there has been a historic $20 billion in funds for education.
If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is transparent.
Says our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years.
Says Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming.
Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation.
We had a debate on whether ObamaCare was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically.
First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't.
Weve added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nations obligations.
Says six of the states 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christies budget cuts.
Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies weve implemented.
Six out of 10 of the highest unemployment rates are also in so-called right to work states.
Florida Democrats put my Social Security number and my wifes Employment Identification Number in a mail piece.
The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent.
Says Alex Sink even supported a tax on homeowners insurance policies.
The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me.
When I took office last year we faced historic budget deficits of $6 billion here in Virginia. And we closed those deficits by cutting spending.
Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level.
I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund.
Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay.
Americas gun-related homicide rate would be about the same as Belgiums if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S.
All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available.
Says 99 percent of the time police officers arent charged when they kill young people of color.
Says Pete Gallego went and lobbied after you fired him from Congress.
Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm at a Wisconsin VA facility and nothing was done.
The latest evidence of Republican success is that since the beginning of the current legislative term, state unemployment has gone down almost 20% to 5% adjusted.
A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
Says Newt Gingrich made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion.
Kathryn Starkey only attended half of those meetings.
Says Libya Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help in Benghazi.
Says Julie Parrish is one of Sarah Palins mama grizzlies.
Two years ago, the longest serving leader of the California republic, Jerry Brown, boldly declared in China that California is a separate nation.
Says President Barack Obamas parents were communists.
This incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls ... has been supported by zero fact.
The truth is any oil that would be drilled could be sent to any other country in the world, reducing our use of foreign oil not by one single drop.
The economy bled $24 billion due to the government shutdown.
Says Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
200 consumer laws were destroyed in 2011 when Gov. Scott Walker signed Act 92.
Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is what its all about.
The CBO just said if we cut this (unemployment benefits) extension, we will kill jobs, because those people who are looking for work wont have any money to spend.
Welders make more money than philosophers.
Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployments not that big an issue.
Phoenix, Arizona, Im told, is now the No. 2 kidnapping capital in the world, right behind Mexico City.
The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is collecting financial information, monitoring financial information of millions of Americans without their knowledge and storing it for up to 10 years.
Gov. Crist's veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in Florida.
Says Bernie Sanders health care plan would empower Republicangovernors to take away Medicaid,to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans.
Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns.
President Barack Obama reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011.
Judithanne McLauchlan was part of a group that supports imposing a state income tax on Floridians.
Every poll said I won the debate.
If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes.
...some of those (tax increases) were either court-ordered, or they were voted on by the people and approved by the people for (such) things as roads.
Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
100 percent of the crime is committed, in estimate, by about 15 percent of the population.
Says Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come to the United States.
Says President Barack Obama is not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House.
I unsealed my records at Marquette University.
In the United States alone we lose more than 3,000 people a day to cancer.
Report that #GOP insisting on changes to Social Security as part of #fiscalcliff false. BTW those changes are supported by @barackobama.
Says as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents.
Says House Republicans spent $50 million on 33 votes to repeal Obamacare.
Nevada is still a state that is 80 percent white voters.
What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!
Hillary [Clinton] wants to raise taxes by over a trillion dollars.
Says the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials
The countrys bankrupt.
Secular Americans are the fastest-growing religious identification demographic in this country.
Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism.
Other Western countries have ended their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policies.
Inside the stimulus package is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups.
I sponsored the amendment that expanded the hours of early voting so that people who have irregular work schedules could vote.
Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be. A planned nuclear plant repair will only increase that percentage.
Says nobody in higher education believes Gov. Rick Perrys proposal to serve up $10,000 college degrees is possible.
Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon.
Our pension system is the only one in the country thats 100 percent funded.
During the past four years, average wages have barely budged.
An independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is like a Medicare IRS with the power to cut Medicare in order to pay for new government programs.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
Obama "voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."
After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.
95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent.
Theres no money in Social Security.
Says President Barack Obama made unilateral changes to Obamacare 38 times.
Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools.
I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion.
As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, there were days where folks couldnt go outside. because of all the pollution in the air.
The United States has 10,000 IRS agents making sure that you dont take an improper charity deduction, but to fight terrorism, it has less than two dozen people focusing on countering violent extremism at home.
Under the current procedure, if someone on a terror watch list tries to buy a gun, authorities are notified.
This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years.
Van Jones signed a petition indicating he thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up.
Says her representation of an ex-boyfriend who was then my friend in a family law case is something that lawyers do on a regular basis.
Bill McCollum on the Arizona immigration law.
We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent.
Says Ron Johnson voted to turn Medicare into a voucher program.
A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway.
SaysPeter Kilmartin voted in favor of expanding the good behavior statute to sex offenders.
Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009 the single largest in American history.
We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years.
Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true.
Obamas Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters) lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of talk to the hand.
When John Kasich became governor of Ohio, there was an $8 billion budget deficit and now theres a $2 billion surplus.
We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.
Ive got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has a 92 percent voting record.
Its going to be harder to vote in Virginia than it is now to buy a gun...
Women make 77 cents for every dollar earned by men.
New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from the stimulus bill.
Obamas stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War.
Says PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years.
Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts.
We dont show people playing these games. We dont show them winning playing the video lottery games.
Says Charlie Crist signed the nations harshest marijuana laws.
The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
Thanks to Washington, nearly everyone will pay more in taxes in 2013. Somehow people think its just the wealthy. Its not.
One of the biggest polluters in our country is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District.
Oil companies "haven't touched" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill.
John McCain's tax plan will give no reduction "for 100-million American families."
Says Gov. Rick Perry is spending Texans hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.
Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight.
Says Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten.
When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work.
Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare.
(Paul Ryan) has actually proposed three total, three bills that have become law in his entire career dating back to 1999.
In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves.
When Obama took office the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years.
Says Jeb Bush oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure.
McDonalds hamburgers are only 15 percent real beef. The other 85 percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia, which causes stomach and intestinal cancer.
Paul Ryans already spent millions to try and permanently derail Brad (Schneider)s progressive, energized campaign.
Says the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts.
Over the last 15 months, weve added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. Thats far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession.
The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud.
Paul Ryan would outlaw in vitro fertilization.
Food stamp spending doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama.
A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked.
Romneycare was model for Obamacare.
Says Chris Koster opposes right-to-work efforts because he has taken $8 million from union bosses.
Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a billionaire.
The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit.
I have the experience as Senate Budget Chair of cutting $4.5 billion in spending -- to close the deficit while protecting education and health care.
Says indoor workers get less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas.
Ted Strickland stands in lockstep with Hillary Clinton and the abortion lobby in their desire to force Americans to pay for abortion on demand, up until the moment of birth, with their taxpayer dollars.
Says Americans invented Pong, Space Invaders and the iPhone.
The Clinton Foundation gives less than 10(percent in direct aid). In 2013, they raised 140 million bucks, gave $9 million to people in direct aid.
The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
Says Marilinda Garcia supports $150 billion in new taxes.
The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government.
Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo supported raising flood insurance rates.
Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria.
In 2008, then-Sen. Barack Obama missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes. In 2004, John Kerry missed close to 60 to 70 percent and Bob Graham missed over 30 percent of his votes.
In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party.
This (parent trigger) legislation was drafted by President Obamas top advisers. It was drafted by President Clintons top advisers.
We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools.
Florida is considered the fourth-largest gambling state in the nation.
Says Rick Scotts proposed budget would lay off 20,000 teachers.
Ill be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
Polls on legalizing same-sex marriage are not dramatically changing.
The Obama administration has spent millions of taxpayer dollars for roadside signs to tout the economic stimulus.
There were fewer civilian casualties in Cambodia than there have been from American drone attacks.
In 2007, when Nancy Pelosi met with President Assad of Syria, nobody got upset.
The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program.
Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.
Says he has never received any contributions from the Koch brothers.
Says U.N. arms treaty will mandate a new international gun registry.
Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats.
14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day.
Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized "plutocratic thugs" and said the Constitution gave Americans "the shackles of hypocrisy."
The Virginia population increased by just 8 percent from 2005 to 2015, but the per capita spending in the budget increased by a whopping 38 percent.
If you look at the jobs lost in the private sector as opposed to the job gains in the public sector, its out of whack. The governments growing and the private economys shrinking.
(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs.
The 30 percent tax rate called for under President Barack Obamas proposed Buffett Rule is lower than the prescribed tax rate for millionaires already -- not just for millionaires, for people making over $200,000.
We have completely turned our economy around.
When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft.
Look at the debt that has been accumulated in the last two years. Its more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in his budget repair bill is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts.
Says he invested over $100 million in worker training.
Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosis district office in downtown San Francisco.
The administration has issued rules for $1 abortions in ObamaCare and requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay an abortion premium.
One of the things I would immediately do is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didnt want to hear.
On raising taxes.
A new manufacturing plant is slated to create about 3,000 jobs in central and northeast Georgia and create about a $3 billion infusion into the economy.
Says 220,000New Yorkers would have immediately benefitted had President Obamas executive action been affirmed.So almost a quarter million of our fellow New Yorkers who are hurting right now whose rights and opportunities were taken away by the Supreme Court.
Scott Maddox is a "lobbyist."
The error rates for the Fulton County elections department are well below the average.
The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents.
While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people "from welfare to jobs."
Says that under President Obama, theres been a substantial increase in federal government jobs.
The city of Brookhavens ordinance could cause the Pink Pony to close, thereby putting 300 Pink Pony employees out of work in this economy.
A proposed amendment allows a teenager to get a recommendation for medical marijuana without the consent of a parent.
The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a Koch brothers affiliated group.
Says Measures 82 and 83 authorize just one more casino.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, repealing Obamacare would increase the budget deficit.
However, it took $19.5 million in Oregon Lottery funds for the Port of Newport to eventually land the new NOAA Marine Operations Center-Pacific.
The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work.
In the past four years, (the U.S. Senate) has only passed nine out of 48 appropriation bills.
We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana.
The IRS has been specifically forbidden ... from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies for people who dont purchase health insurance.
Says former Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez and current mayoral candidate Carlos Gimenez both drove fancy European cars at taxpayer expense.
On bringing casino gambling and other gaming to Georgia
Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor.
Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country.
The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally.
I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife.
If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan well be the first state in the nation to do this.
Since Sherrod Brown and the Democrats rammed the economic stimulus bill through, Ohios unemployment rate has risen to 9.6 percent, above the national average.
We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis.
Says Ohios I-X Center used to be a great plant, but thousands of people of worked here, and they left when their jobs were moved overseas.
The 9-9-9 plan does not raise taxes on those that are making the least.
Since Rep. John Boccieris election, Ohio has lost 600,000 jobs and his districts unemployment has doubled.
President Barack Obama's "initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber" was to say that "this was the act of an isolated extremist."
Says she balanced a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes.
Wendy Davis raised money for a U.S. House Democrat who is a member of a Democratic socialists group.
More whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism.
We import more oil today than ever before.
Says he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage.
Over the last several years, 40 percent (of) the jobs created in Texas were created for illegal aliens.
Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal.
[Eighty-five percent] of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere -- not spent in the county in which it is collected.
SaysBarack Obama voted for the very same language ofIndianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation doesnt have anything to do with this law.
Hillary Clinton supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding.
New Glarus Brewing Co.s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
The Obama administration originally wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort.
Barack Obama "wants to nearly double the capital gains tax" increasing taxes on "mutual funds, 401(k)s" for "policemen, firemen, nurses."
Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus.
Says while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion.
Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions about where they can hunt and fish.
The Buffett rule raises virtually no money, maybe a day and a half of our borrowing per year.
Says Julie Parrish voted to divert $160 million from public schools to private for-profit schools.
Obamas flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money. Wall Street sure supports President Obama.
Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician.
Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio
